<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>To Prepare for the World Cup, a Host City Could Use Extra Time</title>
<text>
CUIAB, Brazil  The four-day annual rodeo here draws about 80,000 fans, almost twice as many as the state soccer league attracted all of last year. No local team has played in the Brazilian first division since the 1980s.

So many Brazilians were surprised when this sprawling, radiator-hot city of 570,000  the capital of the soy-rich state of Mato Grosso  was chosen as one of the 12 host cities for the World Cup, and even more so when officials decided to invest nearly $1.4 billion to overhaul Cuiabs antiquated infrastructure and catapult it into modernity for all the world to see.

Were a world leader in agribusiness, said Maurcio Guimares, the secretary of Secopa, the state agency created to manage Cuiabs World Cup efforts. We needed to lift up our capital to match the clout of our state.

That may still happen, eventually. But when the World Cup begins next month, Cuiab will in all likelihood look much as it does now: a construction site of partially completed overpasses, underpasses, road expansion projects, bridges and light-rail lines. Soccer fans looking to pick up a few words of Portuguese before they arrive might skip the bom dia and obrigado (Good morning and thank you) and work on desvio and em obras (detour and under construction).

Its a shame the city will appear as it does to receive tourists, said Hlio Pimentel, a musician and writer of a collection of essays about Cuiab. They should have invested just in the stadium, the airport and the principal avenues. But the plan was too extensive. The city will come out well, but when? It could be one, two, five, 11 years.

Little-known even within Brazil, Cuiab was perhaps the least likely of the cities chosen to host part of the tournament. Even the Amazonian capital of Manaus, a World Cup site often caricatured as a jungle outpost by many in the world press, has 1.8 million inhabitants, direct flights to Miami and decades of experience with rain-forest-bound travelers.

Some international tourists spend a night in Cuiab on their way to seek jaguars, maned wolves and hundreds of bird species in the nearby Pantanal wetlands. But until now, Cuiabs biggest draw has been decidedly regional: Expoagro, a state-fair-like spectacle that attracts 300,000 people over 11 days, many of them for the four-day rodeo. Still, a close relationship between the nations former president, Luiz Incio Lula da Silva, and a soy magnate who was governor here, Blairo Maggi, may have tipped the scales for this city to become a World Cup showcase.

Agribusiness and cowboy culture undergird the states identity. Stores sell snakeskin cowboy boots and mean-looking spurs; outside one, Casa do Ginete (roughly House of the Skilled Horseman), a 17-year-old rodeo competitor named Gabriel Neri showed off a long vertical scar on his abdomen, courtesy of a bulls hoof.

The adrenaline is without comparison, he said. I love the sport.

Rodeos popularity comes at the expense of local soccer teams, which are lucky to draw a couple of thousand to games. That has led to fears that Cuiabas sparkling new Arena Pantanal will become a white elephant after the tournament. Yet, that is not the point, said Mr. Guimares, the Secopa secretary.

We have a great soccer tradition, he said. For the last 20 years, its been in decline. But Im very confident that the World Cup was just the kick needed to bring it back.

Even as other Brazilian cities struggled to complete projects, Cuiab has stood out for its troubles. Countless deadlines have come and gone, engineering flaws exposed, corruption investigations begun and commutes snarled. Four hundred and eighty electricians, welders, plumbers and others have been scrambling to complete the new airport terminal by June 5.

In all my years in engineering, said Lucas Ribeiro, an engineer working on the project for Infraero, the state company that runs Brazils airports, its the most condensed time frame Ive ever seen.

The biggest and most contentious project of them all, a light-rail system estimated at $714 million, is impossible to miss: The project has cut swaths down the center of major thoroughfares throughout the city, downing trees and churning up earth.

It has also been the subject of political and judicial intrigue. Original plans called for a much cheaper system of dedicated bus corridors, but in 2012, Gov. Silval Barbosa approved a change in plans. The states Public Ministry, a body of independent prosecutors, objected.

There was no technical study, no viability study, said Clvis de Almeida Junior, one of the Public Ministry prosecutors assigned to monitor World Cup projects. There was no other possible outcome besides chaos.

Even little projects have proved vexing: Despite five years to plan, workers may not complete one of the two training camps for the eight national squads that will come through Cuiab for matches, and work began only this month on the space that will hold the FIFA Fan Fest, where fans will be able to watch live broadcasts of the games.

Local World Cup officials have said that necessary projects would be finished by the time the tournament begins on June 12, and that all others would be completed by Dec. 31, when the state planning agency will be dismantled and Governor Barbosa leaves office. But the official line and local opinion are so contradictory that the two sides seem to inhabit two separate cities.

Everyones in doubt about whether theyll finish the work, said Joo Flvio Gonalves, a 25 year-old businessman. Its just one huge robbery.

Even the spectacular, award-winning Arena Pantanal, originally scheduled for completion in 2012, was delayed by fire, the death of a worker, and a long ordeal that led to delays in the delivery of stadium seats, which finally arrived this month. During a visit in early May, the 60 plush V.V.I.P. seats installed at midfield (for Very, Very Important Persons, like heads of state and chief executives) were too big, leaving less than six inches between each seat and the row in front of it. (There are now plans to remove a row to allow for more leg room.)

Visitors to Cuiab will enjoy a bustling night life, countless restaurants serving river fish, and performances of local dances called siriri and cururu. They may, however, have trouble finding a place to sleep. The city is thousands of hotel rooms short of the expected need. Constricted supply has driven prices up: In mid-May, the few rooms available on Cuiabs four game days averaged more than $500, according to data from the hotel booking site Trivago, far more than the game-day average across all 12 host cities, $188.

A bed-and-breakfast program to relieve pressure on hotels registered nearly 700 Cuiab families but was long delayed, starting a website this month, but with a clumsy interface and baffling translation by Google. (A similar program in Braslia went live in February with a flashier website, with versions in competent English and Spanish.)

With thousands of beds still needed, officials have scrambled to find space in schools near the stadium and set up campgrounds. Meanwhile, a new state tourism campaign promoting attractions like the Pantanal opened on May 1, too late for many World Cup visitors to make plans.

Officials stress that the real benefits from the World Cup will materialize in years to come. Public opinion could shift as well, said Xavier Freire, a sociologist who led a federally funded study of the cup in Cuiab. If the Brazilian side is champion, he said, and the government finishes 80 percent of the projects, the population is going to forget about both unmet deadlines and cost.

Mauro Mendes, Cuiabs mayor, even found a silver lining in the unfinished construction. A place where public works are in progress is a place that is being transformed, he said.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Chang vs. Lendl: 25 Years Later</title>
<text>
In 1989, few people thought a 17-year-old American named Michael Chang would beat the No. 1-ranked tennis player, Ivan Lendl, in the fourth round of the French Open.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>No Title</title>
<text>
Unfortunately we are unable to show the requested link, sorry for any inconvenience. The likely cause is that you are using a feed reader whose browser engine is not the same as the default browser on your PC e.g. you are using a Microsoft product (like Outlook 2007) to read the feed but you have Firefox set as the default browser. If you change your default browser (in this example change it to Microsoft's Internet Explorer) you will be able to follow the link.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>An Upper West Side Apartment That Says Us</title>
<text>
It wasnt really a need for a larger apartment that drove Maral Usefi and Neal Cimochowski from their 350-square-foot one-bedroom in the West 90s.

Their $2,050 monthly rent was hard to give up, Ms. Usefi said. The cozy apartment had been hers for several years before she was joined there by her fianc, who had been living in Astoria. They wanted a place that was more theirs than hers  and they craved some kind of outdoor space. They wanted to go outside without having to go to the park, Ms. Usefi said.

She asked her agent, Leslie Lazarus of DJK Residential, whom she met through a friend, to hunt for a one-bedroom in their neighborhood. From the Upper West Side, it was a quick subway trip to Ms. Usefis Midtown office, where she is an executive producer for Al Jazeera America, and an easy drive to Greenwich, Conn., where Mr. Cimochowski is a middle-school technology teacher. They also wanted a decent kitchen, and laundry in the building.

The couple, whose wedding is planned for July, knew their wish for outdoor space would narrow their options. You might have to give up interior size, or the finishes might not be as nice, Ms. Lazarus said. Still, plenty of small Upper West Side buildings had ground-level backyards or top-floor terraces.

At $3,200 a month, a ground-floor apartment in the West 80s was a bit above their $3,000 budget, but had a nice outdoor garden reached through a large window.

However, the kitchen fell short. It had an electric stove and and a convection microwave oven, kind of like those toaster ovens built in, Ms. Usefi said. It looks like a microwave but it does have a function for baking. They decided to hold out for a gas stove and a regular oven.

A fifth-floor walk-up in a small co-op building in the West 90s was for rent for $2,995 a month. The living room, bright and handsome, had a washer-dryer. That was a little weird, but it was behind a closet-type door so that was O.K., Ms. Usefi said.

The bathroom had only a shower, so small that Neal would have been squeezing his elbows together to fit. A terrace was off the bedroom, which included a Murphy bed. The couple gave the place a pass.

Most of the apartments they saw werent right. I felt guilty, almost, Ms. Usefi said. I would know within minutes and feel a little like I was wasting peoples time.

Mr. Cimochowski, who had a more flexible schedule, occasionally showed up for appointments on his own. At an apartment on West 86th Street, he was concerned about a hissing radiator. He didnt know if its something that happened on and off and doesnt really get fixed, or something that you call and get fixed, and its doing the same thing a week later and you end up living with it.

One day after work, Mr. Cimochowski went to see a ground-floor apartment with about 500 square feet in the West 70s. Ms. Lazarus had arranged for him to view the place before a scheduled open house, and he liked it instantly. Though the bedroom was small, he thought they should take the place. We should go with your instinct, Ms. Usefi told him. I dont want to risk losing a place you love.

The landlord was hesitant to rent the place if both werent there to approve. With any possibility of disagreement, it is best to get everybody on the same page from the beginning, Ms. Lazarus said.

When Ms. Usefi saw the apartment, she loved it, too. The kitchen had a gas stove, a proper oven and even a pot rack. A sliding door led to a large enclosed garden.

The couple signed on, arriving earlier this spring. Their rent is $2,900 a month and they paid a broker fee of 15 percent of a years rent, or $5,220. Leslies fee was high but she was worth every penny, Ms. Usefi said.

The bedroom has just enough room for a bed and a night stand.

When youre looking for something so specific as outdoor space, you have to let some other things go, Ms. Usefi said. We are going to live with the small bedroom because we love the outdoor space so much.

They also had to let go of their wish for an in-building laundry room. Its not great to have to walk to the laundromat, but you know the machines are going to work, Ms. Usefi said. (Their old building had two washers and two dryers, one or more of which was often broken.)

Street parking for Mr. Cimochowski is more difficult than before. Im still trying to find the right strategy, he said. He is honing his technique, and can now tell if the nearby Beacon Theater is hosting an event that draws a mature audience  drivers of cars with Connecticut and New Jersey plates will be trawling for spots.

The couple had fun cleaning the yard, which seems to them like their own secret garden. They weeded and sodded, built a pergola and planted a peony bush.

A neighbor has a basketball hoop out back, but they havent seen anybody using it. Another has an outdoor whirlpool bath, which they ascertained by using satellite view on Google maps. They havent seen anybody using that, either.

If it were his, Mr. Cimochowski said, Id be out there all the time.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>13 Deaths, Untold Heartache, From G.M. Defect</title>
<text>
BEN WHEELER, Tex.  For most of the last decade, Candice Anderson has carried unspeakable guilt over the death of her boyfriend. He was killed in 2004 in a car accident here, and she was at the wheel. At one point, Ms. Anderson, who had a trace of Xanax in her blood, even faced a manslaughter charge. She was 21.

All these years, Ms. Anderson  now engaged and a mother  has been a devoted visitor to his grave. She tidies it every season, sweeping away leaves and setting down blue daisies with gold glitter for his birthday, miniature lit trees for Christmas, stones with etched sayings for the anniversary of their accident.

Its torn me up, Ms. Anderson said of the death of Gene Mikale Erickson. Ive always wondered, was it really my fault?

Last week, she learned it was not.

Mr. Erickson, 25, was one of the 13 victims whose deaths General Motors has linked to an ignition switch defect that can cause a loss of power in cars, according to an email that Mr. Ericksons mother, Rhonda, received from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

Ms. Erickson asked the federal agency whether her son was among the 13 victims at the request of The New York Times, which has compiled the identities and circumstances of 12 of the deaths, as well as information about the vehicle involved in the 13th, based on interviews, accident databases and communications from federal regulators.

The email to Ms. Erickson last week was the first time the family had been told that anything other than negligence by Ms. Anderson contributed to the accident.

I was angry  at him, and at Candice for a little bit, Ms. Erickson said of her son and his girlfriend at the time, both of whom had experimented with various recreational drugs. Then you find out that it wasnt them being so careless. The car malfunctioned, and they didnt have a choice.

Ever since G.M. first began recalling 2.6 million small cars with the defective ignition switch in February, the company has refused to disclose the names of the victims or details of the accidents  even to some survivors of the crashes and relatives of the dead. G.M. also has not shared its interpretation of the data from the so-called black boxes that helped the automaker identify the 13 deaths, leaving some local and state investigators to draw their own conclusions  often erroneously  about the crashes.

It is the largest number of deaths linked to an auto safety issue in the United States since the recall of Ford vehicles with Firestone tires in 2000.

Inside G.M., the nations largest automaker, some of the 13 victims appear on charts and graphs with a date and a single word: fatal.

Outside, in police files and state highway patrol records, they are the subjects of accident investigations, tragic but mostly unremarkable, some involving alcohol, inexperienced drivers or failure to wear seatbelts.

The Times found that the 12 victims died in 10 separate accidents in nine states and Canada, the earliest on July 4, 2004, the latest less than a year ago, on June 22, 2013. They ranged in age from a 13-year-old to an 81-year-old. All but one of the accidents were single-car crashes, in which the driver lost control and slammed head-on into an obstacle, usually a tree. In every case, the air bags did not deploy.

When presented with the victims names compiled by The Times, G.M. would neither confirm nor deny them. We are not publicly identifying victims out of respect for families privacy, Greg Martin, a company spokesman, said in an email. He added, Out of respect for their privacy, we do not discuss private conversations that we may have had with families.

Some relatives of the victims say that the automaker has refused to even communicate privately about the accidents and that they suspect the companys secrecy has more to do with containing its legal liability.

It would have been nice if they had acknowledged it, at least to us, said Margie Beskau, whose daughter Amy Rademaker was killed in an October 2006 crash in Wisconsin and is among the 13. G.M. has just been hiding behind lawyers through this whole thing.

Some law enforcement officials say the information the automaker withheld might have changed their investigations. In all, G.M. now acknowledges that the defective ignition switch contributed to at least 47 accidents (a recent revision from its earlier tally of 32), including those that caused the 13 deaths.

Peter Asplund, a former state police trooper in Texas who responded to the accident here involving Ms. Anderson, said that had he known about the ignition flaw, in essence that would change everything.

The issue of a potential cover-up hangs heavily over G.M. The company has acknowledged that as early as 2001 it had evidence that the ignition switch could, if jostled, suddenly shut off the power in a moving car, disabling air bags and impeding braking and steering systems. The Justice Department, the Securities and Exchange Commission, two congressional committees and a group of state attorneys general are all investigating whether G.M. misled the public and federal safety regulators.

Congressional investigators have compiled an incomplete list of the fatal crashes linked to the flaw  some entries contain only the month and year of an accident, with no names  and there have been various efforts to fill in the missing pieces. The Times identified the 12 victims by following the criteria G.M. has indicated in public statements and documents and by conferring with various people who have knowledge of the list, including safety regulators in the United States and Canada as well as elected officials.

G.M. officials have said that they counted only deaths from front-impact crashes for which black box data confirmed that air bags did not deploy, an indication that the ignition had been turned off and the power lost. Illustrating the limitations of those parameters, in an accident that killed Amy Rademaker in Wisconsin, another teenage girl died as well, but the company did not count her death, presumably because she was riding in the back seat, where there were no air bags.

In at least half of the accidents, surviving family members received payments from G.M., four of them through court settlements and at least one through a claim that was resolved as part of the companys 2009 bankruptcy process. Lawyers say the ignition switch defect was not identified in the litigation as a contributing factor. It was not disclosed by G.M., until a deposition taken last year in a separate Georgia case involving a death that the company does not link to the defective switch.

The families would not discuss the precise terms of their settlements  most are subject to confidential terms  but some said the payments were not large and the process was sometimes unpleasant. Those attorneys dragged my son through the mud, and he wasnt even there to defend himself, said Ms. Erickson, mother of the man killed here in Texas in 2004. In 2008, G.M. settled the suit she brought against the automaker.

In fighting lawsuits and in its public statements, G.M. has pointed to other factors that could have been responsible for the deaths. All of these crashes occurred off-road and at high speeds, where the probability of serious or fatal injuries was high regardless of air bag deployment, the company said in February, when it had acknowledged only six deaths tied to the defect. In addition, failure to wear seatbelts and alcohol use were factors in some of these cases.

In fact, The Times found, alcohol was listed as a factor in just four of the 10 accidents that the newspaper identified  including one in which the drunken driver was actually driving another vehicle that crashed into the defective G.M. car. The driver of the G.M. vehicle, a Chevrolet Cobalt, was Esther Matthews, 73, who was killed along with her granddaughter, Grace Elliott, 13. Her 1-year-old great-grandson survived but was paralyzed from the accident.

G.M. has not indicated how it will compensate the families of the 13 dead, or the relatives of other victims who might be added to the list. Federal safety regulators said last week that it was likely that more than 13 lives were lost, and G.M. has not ruled out that the tally would increase. In the next few weeks, Kenneth R. Feinberg, the victim-compensation expert hired by G.M., is expected to unveil a plan for addressing the thousands of claims filed against the automaker.

The day of the accident, Ms. Anderson was driving Mr. Erickson to retrieve his car from a friends house before he went to welding school. It was just before noon.

On a peaceful Texas country road flanked by tall grass and fenced-off pastures of cows, she lost control of her beige Saturn Ion with zebra-print seat covers. At a slight curve, the pair rode straight off the road and into a tree. Neither was wearing a seatbelt.

At least an hour went by before a passing driver heard Ms. Andersons cries and bushwhacked through briers to reach the couple. The blood on Ms. Andersons face and hands had dried and the car had settled on top of her legs.

In a written statement to the police, the passing driver, Greg Norrell, described Ms. Anderson as intermittently hysterical but otherwise in control of her faculties and responsive. I noticed both of her pupils were focused and not dilated, he wrote.

Mr. Ericksons body lay in Ms. Andersons lap. She kept shaking his head saying, Baby, wake up,  Mr. Norrell said.

When a state trooper, Mr. Asplund, arrived on the scene, he saw the lack of skid marks on the road as a sign that no evasive action was taken by the driver, according to his report, and put the blame squarely on Ms. Anderson.

Ive gone out there and looked at the scene so many times, said Ms. Anderson, who has no memory of that day. It doesnt make sense. Why would I not be able to make the tiniest little sway to the right?

The trooper attributed the collision to drugs. I believe that Anderson was intoxicated at the time of the accident, he wrote. Her intoxication resulted in the accident, which resulted in the death of Gene Mikale Erickson.

He had found an empty film canister coated with white residue and smelling of marijuana in the car, and he had interviewed Mr. Ericksons mother about her son and his girlfriends drug use, which was as recent as the night before.

The analysis of Ms. Andersons blood sample, showing only a small amount of Xanax barely over the detectable limit, was not yet completed when she was charged with intoxication manslaughter. At the scene, Mr. Asplund wrote, she was incoherent and seemed delirious, with a blank look on her face.

The next morning, he visited Ms. Anderson in the hospital, where she remained for a week, recovering from internal injuries and broken limbs.

Anderson did not answer any of my questions, but insisted that she did not know what happened during the accident or anytime surrounding the accident, he wrote. Anderson repeatedly stated, I killed him, and would begin sobbing.

A grand jury indicted her. Her parents liquidated their 401(k) to retain a defense lawyer for her. Three years after the accident, she pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of criminally negligent homicide. The district attorney agreed to the deal only after Ms. Erickson wrote a letter asking for leniency. Ms. Anderson was fined and sentenced to five years probation. Im glad she didnt do any time in prison, said Mr. Asplund, who has since left his job in law enforcement. The intentional cover-up of the ignition, that upsets me.

Ms. Ericksons small brown farmhouse, where her son also lived, is less than a mile from the site of the accident. A decade later, she still takes a longer route into town to avoid that subtle curve.

I have memories all around me, she said, fresh tears welling up during an interview on the 10th Mothers Day weekend without her son.

Mr. Ericksons two daughters, from a previous relationship, are now 14 and 16. The elder, Siara, has her fathers bright red hair, and both have his athleticism, having learned to play softball with his mitt.

This year, for the first time since the accident, Siara spoke with Ms. Anderson, who had reached out to apologize. Siara extended both girls forgiveness.

Ms. Erickson, too, has forgiven her sons former girlfriend. She has watched Ms. Anderson mature, she said  avoiding drugs, settling down with her current fianc eight years ago and starting a family.

I would love to see Candice be able to have some peace from this, Ms. Erickson said.

Still, Ms. Erickson is racked by complicated emotions about the accident, unable to bring herself to buy a headstone for her sons grave. She has set aside the money $2,400  and has even designed a headstone with a smiling picture of him.

For Ms. Anderson, it is all about not forgetting, even as her life has moved on.

The thing that scares me about death is that people forget you, and I dont want people to forget him, Ms. Anderson said. This is something Im not ever going to be done with.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Camaro Convertible Review</title>
<text>
WHAT IS IT? A top-down stablemate of the Camaro coupe.

HOW MUCH? Base price, $30,000; $40,500 for the top-line 2SS.

THE COMPETITION Ford Mustang convertible, $27,995 base and $35,495 GT. (The Dodge Challenger does not, and will not, come as a convertible.)

WHAT MAKES IT RUN? Either a 312-horsepower 3.6-liter V-6 or two 6.2-liter V-8s: a 400-horsepower L99 model with a 6-speed automatic and a 426-horsepower LS3 with a 6-speed manual.

IS IT THIRSTY? It is a surprisingly modest tippler, given its bulk (up to 4,116 pounds unloaded). With the automatic, the V-8 is rated at 16 m.p.g. city, 25 highway, and the V-6 at 18/29.

THE revived Chevrolet Camaro has been a big success for General Motors and a vindication for those in the company who fought for its resurrection. The sporty cars nameplate was retired in 2002 for a perceived lack of consumer interest.

Last year, even though it came only as a coupe, the Camaro outsold its Mustang archrival, which came in more flavors: coupe, convertible and high-performance versions. It was the first time in a quarter century that Camaro won the pony-car sales race.

So the arrival of a much-delayed convertible version for 2011 seems to portend even greater Camaro sales glory.

The convertible is at least a year late to market, because of G.M.s financial woes of recent years and the bankruptcy of the original supplier of the softtop.

Chevrolet seems to think that was a blessing in disguise for two reasons: the convertible arrives at what its marketers consider an optimal time to rekindle interest and sales in the current-generation car, which made its debut in 2009. Also, the supplier that replaced the original top maker delivered a much better unit. The roof is nicely shaped (not like the usual ribbed Conestoga-style top); is water- and weather-tight; and is acoustically dead-quiet.

One of the main complaints about the handsome coupe has been the poor visibility from its turretlike cabin. That issue is pretty much gone, of course, with the hardtop removed. And with the top up, visibility is no worse than in the claustrophobic coupe.

There are tradeoffs, including a more cramped rear seat, less trunk space and a weight gain of about 125 pounds  a result of extra chassis bracing. The bracing seems well integrated; engineers said thats because the 21st century Camaro was designed from the start to be built as a convertible. The convertible mechanism and softtop, in either black or tan, are also about 125 pounds heavier than the hardtop they replace.

A longtime complaint about Camaro convertibles  dating from the late 1960s  was that they came with absolutely harrowing levels of cowl shake, steering column vibration and torsional sloppiness. Early models were so bad in this regard that G.M. parts departments actually offered shims to keep the doors from flying open when going through twists and turns, and cocktail shakers to keep the wheels on the ground. The euphemism for this level of chassis compliance was boulevard ride.

But for the new convertible, Chevy intentionally moved away from the old-school wet-dishrag sensation to a more controlled ride with tighter tolerances.

The new model is built with so much attention to suspension integrity that the engineers decided to apply the convertibles calibrations to the coupes, improving the entire Camaro line. Its a rolling production change that is being applied to the coupes, too, going forward, Russ Clark, Camaros product marketing director, said during a test drive in and around San Diego.

At the wheel, I could sense some significant vibrations at highway speeds on the worst washboard pavement, but nothing on the order of the all-time champ: the wobbly (and justifiably defunct) Chevy SSR pickup. G.M.s engineers seem to have learned some valuable lessons: for a convertible, I would have to rate the Camaros overall handling very highly.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Palo Alto, About Adolescents Stumbling Toward Adulthood</title>
<text>
The kids in Gia Coppolas Palo Alto move as through a dream. Its a drifty, appealing story, set in the Northern California city that gives the movie its title, about that twilight period between childhoods end and the start of young adulthood. Here, under wavering palm trees, teenagers slip through homes and streets with the vagueness that comes with certain visions of adolescence. These arent the tireless achievers cramming for tests, and preparing for college and the conformity to come. They are instead the anxious children who have  since the likes of Holden Caulfield and James Deans rebel  defined American adolescence as a state of poetic confusion.

Most of the kids, including April (Emma Roberts, delicately touching) and Teddy (an equally affecting Jack Kilmer), arent mired in any deep crisis, but rather floating on whatever current  home, sex, school  theyve been pulled into. April plays soccer at school, babysits and, somewhat unusually for a movie about teenagers, cracks open schoolbooks. Shes one of those nice girls whose virtue defines her, yet also weighs her down. She seems understandably bewildered by the nattering of a school counselor, Mrs. Ganem (an unrecognizable Talia Shire), who raises the subject of college  most of the movies grownups are wildly unequal to the challenge of dealing with teenagers  yet, right from the start, it feels certain that this smart, tremulously impressionable 17-year-old will make it.

Teddy is another story, one that begins when the movie does. You first see him in a car parked in front of a wall, hanging with Fred (Nat Wolff, a jittery, effectively destabilizing presence), whos behind the wheel. Its night, and theyre smoking dope and talking, when suddenly Fred steps on the gas and drives right into the wall. They survive, but its a worrisome omen, as is the relay of looks between April and her coach, Mr. B. (James Franco, nice and sleazy), in the scene that follows. Nothing if not schematic, the movie continues to shift between Teddys world of big and little troubles and Aprils, occasionally bringing them together as if by accident, as when they end up at the same underage bacchanal.

It doesnt take long to see that theyre interested in each other, but they have an entire movie and some drama to get through first. Somewhat surprisingly, not a whole lot of bad happens at home. Although their parents are as vaguely represented as those in a Peanuts comic, with the dads either absent or as good as gone, the mothers are present, and there are scenes in which both Aprils dizzy mother, Jane (a funny Jacqui Getty, the directors mother), and Teddys, Sherry (Janet Jones Gretzky), tell their children that they love them. (The kids say it right back.) Both women come off as preoccupied with other matters, but from the affection that Ms. Coppola shows them, its apparent that theyre guilty only of being distracted.

If you care about April and Teddy, its because Ms. Coppola does, too. This is her feature directing debut  her grandfather is Francis Ford Coppola, and Sofia Coppola is her aunt  and she does a lot right here, including coaxing out sympathetic characters who, in other hands, could have been ciphers. Her quiet, attentive filmmaking goes a long way toward distinguishing the sometimes generic material, which she adapted from a collection of Mr. Francos short stories, titled Palo Alto and partly inspired by his growing up there. Although it is set in the present, Ms. Coppola gives the story an out-of-time quality that dovetails with its out-of-place vibe. Theres no trace of the software industry, for instance, despite its roots in the city and, palm trees aside, these children could be almost anywhere.

What tethers the movie and especially April and Teddy is how Ms. Coppola captures that exquisitely tender, moving moment between fragile, self-interested youth and tentatively more outwardly aware adulthood, a coming into consciousness that she expresses through their broken sentences, diverted glances and abrupt turns. (Nobody processes his or her feelings; they simply are.) Slowly, this incompleteness gives way to a sense of wholeness, if not closure; these stories, after all, are just beginning. And however familiar, they are ones that Ms. Coppola  working with her director of photography, Autumn Cheyenne Durald, and under the obvious influence of the cinematographer Harris Savides, who shot some of Gus Van Sants most beautiful films  pulls you into with color, light and feelings as lovely as caresses.

Palo Alto is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). The movie features scenes of teenage smoking, drug taking and drinking, as well violence, including sexual violence.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Larry Kramer Lives to See His Normal Heart Filmed for TV</title>
<text>
Most revolutionaries dont live to see as much dizzying change as Larry Kramer has.

In the 1980s, he was the most strident, scolding voice in New York City (in the world, really) on behalf of gay men infected with H.I.V.: men whose parents shunned them, whose doctors feared them, whose dignity disappeared as their corpses were stuffed into trash bags. Now, 33 years after Mr. Kramer helped found the advocacy group Gay Mens Health Crisis, AIDS has just fallen out of the top 10 causes of death in New York for the first time since 1983. Epidemics of loneliness and isolation have given way to same-sex marriage and the Michael Sam kiss.

And after decades of fighting for Hollywoods attention, Mr. Kramer is about to reach his biggest audience yet with a film adaptation of The Normal Heart, his autobiographical play from 1985 about those early years of needless suffering.

The movie is especially satisfying to Mr. Kramer, because he nearly missed it.

I came close to dying twice since the beginning of the year; it has been awful, he said recently, back in his Greenwich Village apartment after a long hospital stay. I fought to hang on to get to this moment. There were so many times I never thought I would. (While some friends worry that he might have AIDS, Mr. Kramer, who is H.I.V. positive, said his health problems are mostly intestinal.)

At 78, these are twilight days for Mr. Kramer: his memorable roar reduced to a whisper, his forward march aided by a cane painted with pink roses. Yet he has virtually willed himself into action again to take a victory lap of sorts with broadcast of the film Sunday on HBO.

The moment seems more than a little surreal to him. After decades of politicians, celebrities and even liberals and gays keeping a wary distance from his fulminations, the stars of The Normal Heart (Mark Ruffalo, Julia Roberts, Jim Parsons) rushed toward him the other night at a special screening at the Ziegfeld Theater in New York. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie idled nearby, waiting to say hello.

A few minutes later, the films director, Ryan Murphy, led the thousand-member audience in a standing ovation for Mr. Kramer. Larry, before we begin this film, I only have one thing to say, Mr. Murphy said. You were right.

If many people (including once-implacable foes like Edward I. Koch) came to see him as a prophet  about AIDS devastating so many families, about the crucial role government had to play in the fight  Mr. Kramer didnt boast a bit during the only recent extended interview he has given. He took minimal comfort in the current state of his crusade. While he said he loved seeing Mr. Sam kissing his boyfriend on ESPN after being chosen in the N.F.L. draft, Mr. Kramer is dismayed about gay America, pointing to this months recommendation by federal health officials that hundreds of thousands of people take the drug Truvada to prevent H.I.V. infection. The endorsement comes as many young gay men and others have stopped using condoms.

Anybody who voluntarily takes an antiviral every day has got to have rocks in their heads, Mr. Kramer said, describing the side effects of drugs he has taken. Theres something to me cowardly about taking Truvada instead of using a condom. Youre taking a drug that is poison to you, and it has lessened your energy to fight, to get involved, to do anything.

Mr. Kramer badly wants younger people to take up protest politics, and he hopes the new movie will inspire them. The Normal Heart delves into his efforts, with a group of friends, to start Gay Mens Health Crisis, one of the first volunteer AIDS organizations. Both the play and the movie depict his eventual expulsion from the group after his relentlessly confrontational tactics became too much for his peers. His fury for fighting has always endured, said Jeff Soref, who, as president of groups board in the early 1990s, invited Mr. Kramer (over some opposition) to speak at the groups 10th-anniversary ceremony at the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine.

He took the pulpit, singled out G.M.H.C.s board of directors one by one, and denounced each of us as if we were personally responsible for the spread of the epidemic, Mr. Soref said. Larry couldnt pass up the opportunity to tell people the fight wasnt over and we couldnt rest.

While Gay Mens Health Crisis and others stepped up, including the advocates depicted in the new book Forcing the Spring: Inside the Fight for Marriage Equality, by Jo Becker, Mr. Kramer is unimpressed. He has written The American People, a novel of more than 1,600 pages about the role of homosexuality in history, which Farrar, Straus and Giroux will publish in two volumes starting next April.

Considering how many of us there are, how much disposable income we have, how much brain power we have, we have achieved very little, Mr. Kramer said. We have no power in Washington, or anywhere else, and I say it over and over again, and its as if it falls on deaf ears. It doesnt occur to people how to turn that around.

Still, in a relatively rare concession, Mr. Kramer acknowledged that his pugnacious side has sometimes backfired.

His efforts to get a movie made of The Normal Heart were delayed by jousting with Barbra Streisand, who had the film rights for years. He admitted to demanding a lot of money and that the story be told his way. Ms. Streisand has said she couldnt raise the money; in Mr. Kramers telling, she also expressed discomfort about the subject of gay sex.

I said, I really think its important that after eons of watching men and women make love in the movies, its time to see two men do so, he said. I bought her a book of very beautiful art pictures of two men making love, and she found it very distasteful. In response, Ms. Streisand released a statement saying her intention for the movie was to promote the idea of everyones right to love. Gay or straight!

Larry was at the forefront of this battle and, God love him, hes still fighting, she said. But theres no need to fight me by misrepresenting my feelings. As a filmmaker, I have always looked for new and exciting ways to do love scenes, whether theyre about heterosexuals or homosexuals.Its a matter of taste, not gender.

Referring to the gay couple at the center of The Normal Heart, she added: I was trying to reach a large audience, and I wanted them to root for these two men to get married.

Mr. Murphy initially used his own money to buy the rights, Mr. Kramer said, which shows how much he wanted to do this, and how tacky it sort of is that Barbra never would think of something like that.

Yet even the courtship with Mr. Murphy  the force behind television shows like Glee and American Horror Story  was rocky at first. Mr. Kramer didnt really know who Mr. Murphy was, and sent several facetious emails  classic Kramer  that strained their relationship until he came to appreciate Mr. Murphys devotion to the project.

Its by far his best work, Mr. Kramer said of Mr. Murphy, for whom he is now writing a Normal Heart sequel. I said, Youve really got to stop with the horror movies and become a serious director, because you are one.

Mr. Murphy said that he and Mr. Kramer, in the hospital, worked for months on the screenplay by email. They were determined, he said, to create a movie with real immediacy  visually graphic scenes that would pack a punch for New Yorkers who lived through the 1980s and that might motivate those continuing to fight for gay rights today. Harrowing monologues in the play, like the description of one characters physical disintegration on a cross-country flight, have been opened up into fully rendered moments that show the agony of AIDS.

I wrote the word true on a notecard and put it on my computer, Mr. Murphy said. Larry was always trying to be on the right side of the angels, but he can be so abrasive, and he was so hurt by how he was treated by his friends and enemies in the 80s. I wanted the movie to be true to all sides of him.

After finding fault in so much, Mr. Kramer found little with the movie, and none with its depiction of his lifes work.

Its about speaking up, being a buffalo if you have to, being mean if you have to, Mr. Kramer said. You do not get more with honey than with vinegar.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Is College Worth It? Clearly, New Data Say</title>
<text>
Some newly minted college graduates struggle to find work. Others accept jobs for which they feel overqualified. Student debt, meanwhile, has topped $1 trillion.

Its enough to create a wave of questions about whether a college education is still worth it.

A new set of income statistics answers those questions quite clearly: Yes, college is worth it, and its not even close. For all the struggles that many young college graduates face, a four-year degree has probably never been more valuable.

The pay gap between college graduates and everyone else reached a record high last year, according to the new data, which is based on an analysis of Labor Department statistics by the Economic Policy Institute in Washington. Americans with four-year college degrees made 98 percent more an hour on average in 2013 than people without a degree. Thats up from 89 percent five years earlier, 85 percent a decade earlier and 64 percent in the early 1980s.

There is nothing inevitable about this trend. If there were more college graduates than the economy needed, the pay gap would shrink. The gaps recent growth is especially notable because it has come after a rise in the number of college graduates, partly because many people went back to school during the Great Recession. That the pay gap has nonetheless continued growing means that were still not producing enough of them.

We have too few college graduates, says David Autor, an M.I.T. economist, who was not involved in the Economic Policy Institutes analysis. We also have too few people who are prepared for college.

Its important to emphasize these shortfalls because public discussion today  for which we in the news media deserve some responsibility  often focuses on the undeniable fact that a bachelors degree does not guarantee success. But of course it doesnt. Nothing guarantees success, especially after 15 years of disappointing economic growth and rising inequality.

When experts and journalists spend so much time talking about the limitations of education, they almost certainly are discouraging some teenagers from going to college and some adults from going back to earn degrees. (Those same experts and journalists are sending their own children to college and often obsessing over which one.) The decision not to attend college for fear that its a bad deal is among the most economically irrational decisions anybody could make in 2014.

The much-discussed cost of college doesnt change this fact. According to a paper by Mr. Autor published Thursday in the journal Science, the true cost of a college degree is about negative $500,000. Thats right: Over the long run, college is cheaper than free. Not going to college will cost you about half a million dollars.

Mr. Autors paper  building on work by the economists Christopher Avery and Sarah Turner  arrives at that figure first by calculating the very real cost of tuition and fees. This amount is then subtracted from the lifetime gap between the earnings of college graduates and high school graduates. After adjusting for inflation and the time value of money, the net cost of college is negative $500,000, roughly double what it was three decades ago.

This calculation is necessarily imprecise, because it cant control for any pre-existing differences between college graduates and nongraduates  differences that would exist regardless of schooling. Yet other research, comparing otherwise similar people who did and did not graduate from college, has also found that education brings a huge return.

In a similar vein, the new Economic Policy Institute numbers show that the benefits of college dont go just to graduates of elite colleges, who typically go on to to earn graduate degrees. The wage gap between people with only a bachelors degree and people without such a degree has also kept rising.

Tellingly, though, the wage premium for people who have attended college without earning a bachelors degree  a group that includes community-college graduates  has not been rising. The big economic returns go to people with four-year degrees. Those returns underscore the importance of efforts to reduce the college dropout rate, such as those at the University of Texas, which Paul Tough described in a recent Times Magazine article.

But what about all those alarming stories you hear about indebted, jobless college graduates?

The anecdotes may be real, yet the conventional wisdom often exaggerates the problem. Among four-year college graduates who took out loans, average debt is about $25,000, a sum that is a tiny fraction of the economic benefits of college. (My own student debt, as it happens, was almost identical to this figure, in inflation-adjusted terms.) And the unemployment rate in April for people between 25 and 34 years old with a bachelors degree was a mere 3 percent.

I find the data from the Economic Policy Institute especially telling because the institute  a left-leaning research group  makes a point of arguing that education is not the solution to all of the economys problems. That is important, too. College graduates, like almost everyone else, are suffering from the economys weak growth and from the disproportionate share of this growth flowing to the very richest households.

The average hourly wage for college graduates has risen only 1 percent over the last decade, to about $32.60. The pay gap has grown mostly because the average wage for everyone else has fallen  5 percent, to about $16.50. To me, the picture is people in almost every kind of job not being able to see their wages grow, Lawrence Mishel, the institutes president, told me. Wage growth essentially stopped in 2002.

From the countrys perspective, education can be only part of the solution to our economic problems. We also need to find other means for lifting living standards  not to mention ways to provide good jobs for people without college degrees.

But from almost any individuals perspective, college is a no-brainer. Its the most reliable ticket to the middle class and beyond. Those who question the value of college tend to be those with the luxury of knowing their own children will be able to attend it.

Not so many decades ago, high school was considered the frontier of education. Some people even argued that it was a waste to encourage Americans from humble backgrounds to spend four years of life attending high school. Today, obviously, the notion that everyone should attend 13 years of school is indisputable.

But there is nothing magical about 13 years of education. As the economy becomes more technologically complex, the amount of education that people need will rise. At some point, 15 years or 17 years of education will make more sense as a universal goal.

That point, in fact, has already arrived.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Today in Small Business: Detroit Is Doing Something Right</title>
<text>
Whats affecting me, my clients and other small-business owners today.

 The growth in trucking tonnage continued in April.

 Is this a better time to rent or to buy real estate?

 In 2012, Detroit generated more jobs per capita from start-ups than San Jose, according to a new report.

 And JP Morgan Chase is investing $100 million in Detroit to fight blight, build the work force and spur development.

 This cloud-equipped factory wants to be the go-to manufacturer for small hardware start-ups.

 Autodesk welcomes start-ups to its site in Waltham, Mass..

 These are five housing trends you can expect to see in 2014.

 The F.B.I. considers relaxing pot rules after it struggles to find qualified candidates.

 This is how far your paycheck goes in 356 American cities.

 These are employee personality types to watch out for when hiring.

 A sharing economy service takes on the challenge of grocery deliveries.

 Darkcoin, the shadowy cousin of Bitcoin, is booming.

 These three principles of behavioral economics will increase your web sales.

 LinkedIn will now rank your profile based on popularity.

 Heres a report on how rising seas and climate-change denial are affecting Alabama.

 Small firms are leaving a growing footprint on the economy in Northeast Ohio.

 A new report says New York City is an exceptional model of local governments prioritizing small-business development.

 France orders 2,000 new trains that are too wide for its stations.

 This is the coolest workplace in all of Vancouver.

 A financial adviser raises $15.5 million to bring automated financial advice to the masses.

 The Institute for Veterans and Military Families receives a $450,000 grant from the Sams Club giving program to support women veteran entrepreneurs.

 Did you know that the cost of bananas can be correlated with the number of people who died by becoming tangled in their bedsheets? Lisa Suennen explains how just about anything can be correlated.

Gene Marks owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa., consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. You can follow him on Twitter.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>First Win of Year for Johnson</title>
<text>
CONCORD, N.C.  The six-time series champion Jimmie Johnson failed to win in the first 11 races of the Sprint Cup season. If his fans were panicked, Johnson surely wasnt.

He knew he would get there soon enough. And on Sunday, he did.

Its great to win, but believe me  and I promise you  all the hype and all the concern and worry, that was elsewhere, that wasnt in my head, Johnson said as he stood in victory lane at Charlotte Motor Speedway after winning the Coca-Cola 600.

Johnson drove his No. 48 Chevrolet past Matt Kenseth in the closing laps for his first victory of the season, virtually locking him into the 16-team playoff at the end of the season. It was his fourth career win in the 600 and seventh victory at this track over all. Kevin Harvick was second and Kenseth third.

Jeff Gordon, who experienced back spasms Saturday and had a backup driver ready if he could not race, made it through the 600 miles. He was in the lead with 15 laps to go on a late restart, but finished seventh.

Kurt Busch, who finished sixth in the Indianapolis 500 earlier Sunday, lasted 271 laps before an engine failure. He finished 40th.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>In Russia, Conflating Journalism and 'Hooliganism'</title>
<text>
MOSCOW  It was just a usual business trip for him, Alina Zhiganova said, describing how her husband, the photographer Denis Sinyakov, set out in September to document Greenpeace Internationals voyage to protest oil exploration in the fragile environment of the Arctic Ocean. He delayed his departure to be present for the third birthday of their son, Vasily, and planned to return in time for his own birthday on Oct. 16. They planned to celebrate it in Paris.

Mr. Sinyakov instead spent his 36th birthday in a detention center in the far northern city of Murmansk. He and 29 crew members and activists now face criminal charges after Greenpeaces ship, the Arctic Sunrise, mounted a high-seas operation to hoist a banner on the first offshore oil platform  of many to come  that Russia has erected in the Arctic.

I thought the danger for him was always that something could happen to him  that he could lose an arm or a leg or something, Ms. Zhiganova said in a cafe in Vidnoye, a small southern suburb of Moscow where they live. She recalled previous assignments that took him to wars in Lebanon and Georgia and with the Americans in Afghanistan, where in 2011 he embedded with a medevac regiment of the 101st Combat Aviation Brigade.

My worries about his work were only that he stayed alive, she said. It never crossed my mind that they might put a journalist in jail.

That he was a photojournalist who previously worked for Reuters and Agence France-Presse  his photographs appearing in publications around the world  appears to have mattered little to the Russian authorities in this case. Russias Investigative Committee has responded to the protest with an aggressive prosecution against all those aboard that is almost certainly intended to serve as a warning against future protests in a warming region that President Vladimir V. Putin has declared a strategic political, military and economic priority. This week Mr. Sinyakovs lawyer appealed to the court to bring charges against security officials for depriving him of his right to work as a journalist, even as the editor website Lenta.ru provided a letter saying he was accredited with the news agency.

Russia can be a hostile place for journalists, especially those attracted to the most compelling issues of the day, which of late have been the simmering tensions between Mr. Putins government and those seeking greater political freedoms. Mr. Sinyakovs work often focused on Russias oppositionists  from the still-free members of the punk performers Pussy Riot to the bare-chested guerrilla protesters known as Femen, the retrial of the tycoon Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky in 2010 to the protests against election fraud and Mr. Putins return as president in 2012. In the view of the authorities here, there is often little distinction between those covering dissent and those participating in it.

Mr. Sinyakov himself blurred the line. He left Reuters in 2012 to pursue independent projects, one of the first being Greenpeaces similar protest at the same oil rig, located in the Pechora Sea near the island Novaya Zemlya. On his website, he titled the project Offshore Warriors, and echoed Greenpeaces warnings that drilling in the Arctic could prove to be an environmental disaster for which the company that operates the rig, Gazprom, is woefully prepared.

Ms. Zhiganova said he had become deeply interested in the Arctic  including the indigenous Nenets of Russias northern Yamal Peninsula, whom he photographed for Reuters in 2011  and had traveled there not only with Greenpeace but also with Gazproms oil subsidiary as recently as June. There are two ways to get to the Arctic: you either go with Greenpeace or you go with Gazprom Neft, she said.

In a letter posted on his website after his arrest, Mr. Sinyakov made it clear his convictions rested with Greenpeace, whose activists he described as orders of magnitude more moral, more honest and brighter than our accusers.

The fate of the Arctic Sunrises crew remains unclear. After initially charging them with piracy, prosecutors reduced the charges to hooliganism, which carries a maximum sentence of seven years in prison. Mr. Sinyakov and the others have been ordered held until at least Nov. 24, although the period of detention can be extended as long as 18 months while defendants await trial.

In the letter Mr. Sinyakov describes the seizure of the ship  one of the crew wrote in chalk on the deck, Russian soldiers welcome onboard  and the conditions of his cell, which he shares with two other Russian prisoners.

Like the others, he spends 23 hours a day there, allowed out only for an hour of exercise, court appearances, meetings with his lawyers and one last week with his wife. They spoke by telephone through a glass barrier, with a guard listening in. When we saw each other, we put our hands up against the window and held them there until the glass became warm on both sides, Ms. Zhiganova said. We could only feel each others warmth like that, putting our hands up against the glass and holding there, because it was very cold.

His cameras and computers have been confiscated as part of the investigation. Mr. Sinyakov wrote that he occupies his time drawing and reading, including a copy of the Criminal Code  Its a joy to read, but the only pity is nobody uses it, he said  and, according to his wife, the famous novel depicting a mans fate behind bars here, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyns One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich.

Follow @DSinyakov, @slmmoscow and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>This Seasons Stage Scores Show a Variety of Influences</title>
<text>
The score for the Broadway musical A Gentlemans Guide to Love & Murder has been described as a pastiche of Gilbert and Sullivan operettas. Songs from Jeanine Tesoris Violet, starring the amazing Sutton Foster, like the jaunty Surprised, owe an obvious debt to country and gospel.

Yet somehow the word pastiche has taken on a slightly negative connotation. A song will be deemed just a pastiche of a folk ballad, a Puccini aria or whatever.

This practice has an honored heritage and, done well, involves high craftsmanship. The idea is to evoke an older style with respect, which doesnt mean you cant have fun with the original. But if you make fun of it, then its not pastiche; its parody.

As someone who cares especially about the musical component of musical theater, I have been fascinated in recent months about the use of pastiche in a spate of Broadway scores, several of which are up for Tony Awards next month, along with two ambitious Off Broadway offerings, Fun Home and Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812, both now closed but available on cast recordings.

The danger with this technique is that a composer can be so beholden to the original that the new song does seem mere pastiche. When it really works, though, a composer evokes an existing style in an insightful way that is as much a commentary on as an imitation of the source.

The clearest example of pastiche on Broadway right now is Gentlemans Guide, with a book and lyrics by Robert L. Freedman and music and lyrics by Steven Lutvak, a work adapted from the novel that inspired the film Kind Hearts and Coronets. Set in London in 1909, the story tells of Monty Navarro (Bryce Pinkham), an ambitious nobody who discovers he is ninth in line to an earldom and then proceeds serially to dispose of those impeding his path (all played by Jefferson Mays).

The story and the setting lend themselves to the musical-verbal world of Gilbert and Sullivan, and the score abounds in clever patter and mock-operatic melodrama. Some numbers, like I Dont Know What Id Do, sung by Lisa OHare as Montys fortune-hunting childhood sweetheart, pay homage to waltzing English parlor songs. Its smartly done.

For me, the score is a little too enamored of the models it evokes. For all their ingenuity, Mr. Lutvak and Mr. Freedman play it safe. I prefer it when composers honor the original by tweaking and spiking the music according to their own ears and aims, as Ms. Tesori does in Violet, a Roundabout Theater Company production.

Violet, a young woman from rural North Carolina in 1964, has a disfiguring scar on her face from a childhood accident. We see her taking a bus trip to Tulsa in hopes that an evangelist can heal her. En route she is befriended by two soldiers: Flick (Joshua Henry), an earnest African-American; and Monty (Colin Donnell), a charmer, who seduces Violet one night at a seedy hotel.

The score allows Ms. Tesori to evoke country songs, blues, gospel, even honky-tonk in the hotel scene. But the pastiches are filtered through her harmonically pungent and personal voice. The heart of the score, which shows Violet in a vulnerable moment, aching for love but settling for a night of comfort, is Lay Down Your Head, music that hints of sad country ballads but is the expression of a subtly gifted theater composer with a keen ear.

For me, though, the Tesori masterpiece, to date, is Fun Home, which played at the Public Theater and may yet turn up on Broadway. With a book and lyrics by Lisa Kron, the musical is based on the rich graphic novel by the cartoonist Alison Bechdel about her complicated father, who taught high school English while running a funeral parlor in a sleepy Pennsylvania town in the 1960s, raising three children while secretly (though known to his long-suffering wife) having sex with younger men. The score has some vibrant pastiche songs, like the disco-tinged number that the three young children sing, Come to the Fun Home, a mock commercial for the family business.

Most of this compelling score is the work of a composer borrowing from material she loves, yes, but ultimately fashioning personal and distinctive music.

It opens with the simplest instrumental motif imaginable: two broken triads, first G major, then up a step, to A minor, then back down to G major. This rippling riff, like something out of Mozart, becomes almost a unifying thread through the score. Song to song, moment to moment, there are varied kinds of music here: a jazzy number for the young Alison in the middle of a rescue fantasy; Sondheim-influenced songs that unfold over insistent rhythmic figures and shifting, rich harmonies. Yet the score is an impressively integrated entity. The ensemble numbers are especially fine, complex yet texturally transparent, engrossingly dramatic.

The most frustrating score on Broadway of late was The Bridges of Madison County by the highly gifted composer and lyricist Jason Robert Brown, frustrating because so much of the music is so good (the lyrics, too), and Kelli OHara, as the Italian war bride who raised a family in rural Iowa, was magnificent. Yet as a musical drama, Bridges, which recently closed after a disappointing run, felt padded.

In the opening song alone, To Build a Home, a lyrical soliloquy for Ms. OHaras Francesca, ruminating on how her life has turned out, Mr. Browns musical depth and daring come through, as you can hear on the fine cast recording. A wandering solo cello line, like something from a Bach suite, unfolds in steady, slow notes. Francescas voice enters and the music becomes a restless, pensive duet. The cello line segues into triplets, picking up momentum; then the music breaks seamlessly into a head-spinning waltz. Mr. Brown ramps things up into soaring operatic outbursts, with plush, poignant chords and an angelic offstage chorus. He risks turning the moment sappy. But he reclaims the idiom of the backup chorus, and makes it fresh and true.

Mr. Brown can do pastiche effectively when he wants to. Temporarily Lost, the first ballad sung by Robert (Steven Pasquale), the man who comes to town and falls for Francesca while her husband and kids are away at the state fair, seems a flinty riff on Glen Campbell, though with much more musical intricacy.

Still, in opening up the story and making the Iowa town, and its residents, essentially another character, the musical seemed bloated with extraneous scenes that contained Mr. Browns least inspired music (the Act 2-opening country-infused ensemble number, for example). It might have been both dramatically and musically better to have made Bridges a 90-minute single-act work focused almost entirely on the two main characters.

Still, it is great to have this cast album. Several songs from the score, like Francescas pensive What Do You Call a Man? and The World Inside a Frame, a revealing song for Robert, the roving photographer, are going to become favorite audition pieces for musical theater students, and staples in cabarets and concerts. And even with its flaws, the music towers over the hyped-up, pop-infused score by the composer Tom Kitt and the lyricist Brian Yorkey for If/Then  like Bridges and Gentlemans Guide, a nominee for best new score at the Tony Awards on June 8.

I have no problem in general with pop style being incorporated into musical theater. Jonathan Larsons Rent showed that a pop musical could be a sophisticated art form. And pop styles are crucial to the eclectic wonder that is Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812, the audacious work by the composer and lyricist Dave Malloy, which fashions a slice of Tolstoys epic novel War and Peace into a breathless, roughish and ravishing quasi-opera.

This is a pastiche score of a cavalier sort. Mr. Malloy lifts styles with such abandon, making willful shifts  from punk riffs to agitated Broadway ballads, mock-pompous recitative to gritty Russian folk songs or drinking choruses with klezmer clarinets  that you lose track of what is being appropriated and really dont care. On one level, Great Comet is a brash comic exercise: Mr. Malloy doesnt really bother to rhyme lyrics or maintain musical consistency. Yet I was swept up every moment by this brashly theatrical work. It all comes through on the two-CD cast album.

Of course theres another aspect to this borrowing business, which that truth-teller Stephen Sondheim refers to, playfully and provocatively, as theft: the natural process by which composers absorb, transform and fashion all kinds of music and styles into their own voices. This is not pastiche, something Mr. Sondheim explains in Sondheim on Music, Mark Eden Horowitzs book of interviews with him.

The song Send In the Clowns has a flowing vamp and harmonic palette right out of Rachmaninoff, Mr. Sondheim tells Mr. Horowitz. But it wasnt meant to be pastiche. I was stealing, he says, adding, Thats quite a different thing.

The inspirations just came to him: I started to fiddle at the piano, and I thought, oh, I know what this is, its Rachmaninoff. Well, what the hell.

Yet is there a more affecting and original Sondheim song? Not for me.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Toyotas Bottom Feeder Finally Makes Some Waves</title>
<text>
Considering Toyotas expertise in democratic, affordable transportation  Corolla, Camry, Prius  youd think it would rule the realm of entry-price cars.

Instead, with global-style subcompacts finally leaving their petite tire prints on American soil, the Honda Fit has established itself as the roomy, sporty benchmark. Chevrolet, of all brands, has a high-mileage hit with the peppy Sonic. The smart Hyundai Accent and Euro-sleek Ford Fiesta are firmly in the mix.

Toyota, for its part, had been laying weirdly shaped eggs like the Echo and its even paler echo, the depressingly chintzy Yaris. But with a surprisingly sharp-handling Yaris, which was redesigned for 2012, most of Toyotas subcompact sins are forgiven.

Again, thats most of its sins: with just 106 horsepower and 103 pound-feet of torque, Toyotas hatchback is among the slowpokes of its class. Strapped to either two- or four-door models, the carry-over 1.5-liter 4-cylinder buzzes its way from 0 to 60 miles per hour in about nine seconds. Compared with, say, the 140-horsepower Sonic Turbo, you can hear and feel the Toyota working hard to overtake, or just climb to highway speeds.

The other remaining weirdness is a barstool-high seating position  think of the Fiat 500  thats exacerbated by the lack of a telescoping steering wheel. I sit closer to the wheel than many drivers, but even I had to slide uncomfortably close to get the arms-to-wheel relationship right.

But the little Toyota gets nearly everything else right. The Yaris is affordable. The scrunched proportions remain odd from some angles, despite a two-inch stretch of the wheelbase and four inches in overall length. Yet like many of the current crop of subcompact hatchbacks, the Yaris is cheek-pinching cute. (The former Yaris sedan, that vacation buzz kill at the nations rental counters, is history).

The Toyota remains the smallest car in its class, a significant eight inches shorter than the Honda. (Its only about seven inches longer than a Mini Cooper.) Despite that, the remade Toyota carves out a surprisingly decent back seat for two adults. A formerly cramped cargo area is nearly six inches longer and 2.1 inches wider, increasing overall capacity by a remarkable 68 percent for the four-door, Toyota says.

True to its name, the larger Honda Fit remains the clown car of this segment, packing in bigger people and more gear than seems possible.

The Yariss bite-size body lets the car glide into Manhattan curbside spots with enough room left over for a Smart car. At the curb, the Lagoon Blue paint was striking enough to draw unsolicited compliments, a turquoise-y shade that really fit the cars personality.

That personality is spartan but stylish. The cabins well-bolstered, pattern-cloth seats; leather-wrapped three-point steering wheel; simple but useful audio unit; and rice paper-inspired material on the doors and dashboard left a low-key impression of quality.

The windshield fluid sprays ahead of the single wiper from the arm itself, just as in some luxury cars, rather than blasting hither and yon from the base of the glass.

The Yaris doesnt officially reach the 40 m.p.g. bragging zone, with a rating of 30 m.p.g. in the city and 38 on the highway with its 5-speed manual transmission. An automatic with a mere four speeds is an $800 option, but it lowers the highway rating by 3 m.p.g. Given that Chevy, Ford and Hyundai offer thriftier 6-speed automatics, Toyota had better get with the program.

But as I tell small-car shoppers who ask my opinion: dont get distracted by the industrys rampant oneupmanship on fuel economy. The 40 m.p.g. claims of several small cars are proving dubious. Most notoriously, several of the Hyundai and Kia small fry have been caught with their knee pants down  the companies agreed to reimburse customers for overstating mileage claims, in the case of the Hyundai Accent and Kia Rio, by 3 to 4 m.p.g.

Consumers should also realize the penny-wise, pound-foolish nature of focusing on slight m.p.g. gains among cars that already enjoy low fuel costs. The Chevy Spark, a microscopic 84-horsepower city car, squeezes out a combined city-highway rating of 34 m.p.g., which is 1 m.p.g. better than the Yaris or the most frugal versions of the Sonic and Fiesta. Congratulations: You just saved $1 a week, based on the Environmental Protection Agencys calculation of an annual fuel cost of $1,500 versus $1,550 for the other cars. Buy yourself a cup of coffee with that buck, though at a cheaper place than Starbucks.

The Yaris, the lightest car in its league at less than 2,400 pounds, did show excellent mileage where it counts. I managed 34 m.p.g. over all through the course of a week and 40 m.p.g. at highway cruising speed, beating the E.P.A. estimate.

Ive saved the best for last. Ill swear on a stack of Toyota owners manuals that the Yaris is actually fun to drive. As such, its the antithesis of the comatose conveyance pod weve come to expect from Toyota.

Despite its underdog power, the endearing Yaris is a grippy little monster on curving roads. The steering is lively and connected, and the chassis is composed, especially for the SE model, which has quicker steering and attractive 16-inch alloy wheels, a rear spoiler, fog lamps, other body additions and secure-feeling disc brakes at all four wheels.

The Yaris is also competitively priced, at $15,165 for the basic L two-door. My four-door SE started at $17,275 and, with options, totaled $17,504.

While the Yaris doesnt offer the optional navigation system of some higher-price subcompacts, it is well stocked. All models get nine air bags, including side curtains and a drivers knee bag; stability and traction controls with antilock brakes and brake assist; and Bluetooth and USB connections. Satellite radio is available.

The ride can get a bit choppy on chewed-up surfaces, a function of the short wheelbase and a torsion-beam rear suspension thats par for budget-price cars.

But slap a set of stickier performance tires on this Toyota, and it would keep up with the average Volkswagen GTI on winding back roads, where cars like the GTI cant take advantage of their superior acceleration.

Toyota is rightly known for popularizing the hybrid. A redesigned 2014 Corolla is on the way, aiming to regain an edge against an onslaught of compact competitors.

But with this improved Yaris, Toyota seems to recognize that an ultra-affordable car can play a small but important supporting role. Buyers should expect nothing less from a company that helped revolutionize mainstream cars in America.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Social Concerns, Visual Pleasure</title>
<text>
It has always been difficult to fit Magnum photographers into a single box. The founders of the first cooperative picture agency included socially concerned members like Robert Capa and David (Chim) Seymour, as well as Henri Cartier-Bresson, who was mostly interested in visual pleasure.

Magnum today is a sometimes-unwieldy group of several dozen members  from photojournalists to fine-art photographers  with many trying to figure out their place in the fields rapidly changing landscape.

Then again, Magnum has met the challenges of technological and business changes since its inception, as detailed in an exhibit at the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas in Austin and a separate book, Reading Magnum: A Visual Archive of the Modern World, from the University of Texas Press. Together, they explore the agencys evolution as it strove to remain true to its original mission of empowering photographers to do meaningful work.

The exhibit, Radical Transformation: Magnum Photos Into the Digital Age, is drawn from the collection of about 200,000 prints from Magnums New York office that were placed for study at the Harry Ransom Center in 2009.

The collection consists mostly of working prints circulated to Magnum editorial clients before digital distribution made it expendable more than a decade ago. The archive was originally purchased from Magnum in 2009 by MSD Capital, the private investment firm for the family of Michael S. Dell, the computer tycoon. The firm transferred ownership of the archive to the Ransom Center this year.

There are 316 photographs, which are mostly the actual circulating prints, plus books, videos, films, iPad apps and related documents. Together they reveal a constant evolution and innovation in thinking about the future of photojournalism, said Jessica S. McDonald, curator of photography at the Ransom Center.

Photojournalism is declared dead every few years and few decades, she said. So how does an agency like Magnum not just survive, but sustain the membership with meaningful, thoughtful, innovative works that continues to be engaging and reach new audiences?

When curating the show, Ms. McDonald limited herself to the actual objects that were part of the collection, which she sees as a result of a working, breathing, operating print library used daily at Magnum.

In so doing, she leads the viewer to look at the real process of photography from contact sheet to edit and from sequencing images to publication in books and magazines. She also touches on representation and the tension between art and journalism.

There was a desire to keep the collection together for historical purposes when digital distribution of images replaced circulating prints, according to Susan Meiselas, a Magnum photographer for more than 30 years and the president of the Magnum Foundation. Digital distribution was a harbinger of even greater changes, she said in a phone interview this week.

Today, most people experience photos one at a time in an Instagram feed, she said. The show is a powerful reminder of how much has changed.

While both the Radical Transformations exhibit and the Reading Magnum book start with the same material from the Magnum collection, they were produced independently.

Steven Hoelscher, the books editor, said he wanted to look at the prints as physical objects, a theme that was explored in an essay by Alison Nordstrom, where she also traced the collections technological history.

Tellingly, the story of this one collection is also the chronicle of a technological and conceptual change in the way the world has come to deal with photographs over the past thirty years, she wrote. When these prints were first brought together as a picture library, their value was almost exclusively as images. The paper print was simply a necessary intermediary vehicle for moving an image from place to place, so that it could be reshot through a halftone screen.

While much of the book deals with prints as objects and what can be gleaned from them, most of the images are not reproduced directly from items in the collection, but are scans made in Magnums New York office. While they are of better quality than might have been attained from the collections working prints, their inclusion is curious and in some ways undercuts the argument of the importance of the collection at the Ransom Center.

Yet the details usually never seen by the viewer  such as the circulation information on the back of the photos  can be enlightening. It is revealing, for example, that just about every one carries the warning: Photographs may not be cropped or altered in any way without prior written approval by Magnum Photos.

The desire to maintain control is evident in an image by Dennis Stock of James Dean that is covered with printing directions (Slide 9) from Pablo Inirio, a printer in Magnums New York office. He produced many of the prints in the collection, but now specializes in making fine-art prints for collectors and galleries.

Magnum was born out of a revolutionary concept of photographer/owners controlling the use of their images and profiting fully from their commercial value. While much has changed since its founding, Magnum is still an odd amalgam of photographers involved in separate pursuits but trying to survive and prosper, economically and artistically, despite the difficulty of group governance.

Magnums roots are deep, Ms. Meiselas said. The spectrum of members continues to be consistent, a strong journalism base and an art world presence, working in magazines and with museums.

Follow @MagnumPhotos, @MagnumFDN, @JamesEstrin and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Carl Galioto, on Sweeping Away the Negative Energy</title>
<text>
This interview with Carl Galioto, managing principal of the New York office of HOK, an architecture and engineering firm, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant.

Q. When you were a child, were you in leadership roles?

A. I always somehow gravitated to them. I was a school crossing guard  they sent out little kids with badges back then  and I had to be the captain of the crossing guards. Ive always had a certain level of confidence in my own abilities, and other people felt comfortable with me in those roles. I didnt elbow my way into them.

Tell me about your parents.

My mom was with an accounting firm; my dad was in the Navy for a number of years. My socks were always tidy in my drawer and my room was inspected regularly. When I shoveled snow or mowed the lawn, my dad walked the perimeter, inspecting. He was rigid about those sorts of things, but was a good person and a nice man.

And how has that influenced your leadership style?

Everything must be done well, and everyone deserves respect for what they do. My father just wanted to enforce a level of quality and make sure I understood what it was. Theres a way to give that feedback respectfully. My father was direct and gruff, but never with a demeaning tone. He was always very respectful. It was always: You can do better. Just focus on it.

Were you always interested in architecture?

Always. When I was 4 or 5, my parents would leave me with scissors and knives and boxes in the backyard, and I would build things and make structures out of them. Later, I would draw designs for pavilions at the Worlds Fair in New York. I love baseball, and I had a book of the ballparks at the time. I would put sketch paper over them and draw ways in which the ballparks could be improved.

What were some early leadership lessons?

I did too much micromanaging for years  basically just instructing people exactly what to do. I remember marking up architectural drawings with corrections, and I wrote a note instructing people to get more information from a colleague. But in the final drawings, the note was still there. I learned that you have to understand the audience, and be consistent about the level of instruction you give. So I changed pen colors  when Im going to tell you exactly what to do, I mark it in red. When Im going to talk to you about something or make a general comment, Ill mark it in green.

I learned another lesson early on, about advancement and energy. Im somewhat competitive, and coming up through the lower ranks I would see somebody getting a better assignment than me on a nicer project. I started to feel negative energy, and I realized that having negative energy about someone else getting something or being promoted sort of eats away at you. If I just focused on what I needed to do and didnt worry about the other person, all I had was positive energy.

Its empowering if you can take all that energy and move forward with the task at hand and be intentionally oblivious to all of those other things. It lets you go ahead and get stuff done. Its much easier to excite a team about the project as well.

One person I reported to taught me everything not to do. He ruled by fear and intimidation. He would belittle people and bellow across the studio, and thats no way to lead and incentivize people. I saw the effect on everyone, and I said that if I ever get to that kind of position, I am never going to do those things. They were repugnant to me then, and I didnt understand how that behavior could possibly be constructive.

Ive also learned the importance of being able to enroll people in a vision. What helps is their appreciation for your capabilities, your willingness to do the work yourself with them, and your willingness to recognize their contributions. You have to be willing to listen, and listen carefully, and welcome the contributions of others without making it consensus-building. If people disagree, you have to engage them, understand their point of view and evaluate their comments objectively. Listening is more about reasoning and exploration.

Whats your approach if you have to give people tough feedback?

Ive learned over the years that a difficult conversation does not have to be a confrontation. Its about being honest. Its easier to keep the story straight  its the right way to behave, and its more about positive energy. Its about not keeping secrets. Im going to tell you exactly whats going on, in a polite and respectful way.

Its a matter of being honest about expectations, and that there are consequences if they dont improve.

How do you hire?

Im attracted to smart and articulate people, and professional qualifications are a central line of questioning. The clients are an important part of our practice. So Ill ask: Whats your relationship with clients? Whats your relationship with the outside world? Someone can be very capable doing their work internally, but to me thats a small part of the job. How are you seen in the industry? Who knows you? How do you resolve client issues? How do you advocate for a better design with a client if they dont want to spend the money?

Ill also look at whether theyll be a good cultural fit. I like people who are ambitious but not aggressive. So I will ask, How did you work on this particular team? If I hear a lot of I, I, I, those are red flags.

And if you only had five minutes to interview somebody, what would you ask?

If it was for a leadership position  a senior project architect, for example  I would ask: How would you lead an internal team? Describe your process. Id also ask how they would mentor a junior colleague. That would reveal quite a bit.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The Libyan Uprising, Looking Back in Photos</title>
<text>
Dark storm clouds and a raging sea greeted the photographer Bryan Denton when he first arrived in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi. It was the afternoon of Feb. 24, 2011, just days after the citys residents had expelled troops and officials loyal to Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, marking the birth of Libyas uprising.

Thousands of jubilant Libyans thronged outside the Benghazi courthouse on the citys seaside corniche. A stiff wind lifted a fine mist of ocean spray into the air. Mr. Denton was overwhelmed at being among the first Western journalists to enter an oppressed and isolated society that was suddenly tasting freedom.

The celebratory mood, mixed with salt spray, the sense of joy and of ownership over ones self, was overpowering, Mr. Denton said. I get goosebumps just thinking about it. Beginnings always hold a lot of innocence.

Weeks later, outside the city of Ajdabiya, Mr. Denton saw a young man suspected of being a Qaddafi loyalist summarily executed on the roadside by rebels.

We were maybe 150 meters from the checkpoint where it happened, he said. By the time we got down there, it was over. The young man was just another grave alongside that sandy road.

It was vivid reminder of the nature of war, where the best and worst aspects of our behavior are revealed. And it was a harbinger of the mistrust and score-settling that has dogged Libya in the post-Qaddafi era.

Those extremes  from the initial euphoria to muddy truths blurred by violence  are now the focus of a group project aimed at bringing work by a few Western photographers back to the country where the images were taken. Titled Almost Dawn in Libya (ADIL) and conceived by the photographer Andr Liohn, the project features work by Mr. Denton, Lynsey Addario, Eric Bouvet, Christopher Morris, Jehad Nga and myself.

Curated by Paolo Pellegrin and Annalisa DAngelo and produced by Samuele Pellecchia, Claudio Jampaglia and Gaia Mazzolini from Prospekt Photographers, the project is partnering with aid agencies, local organizations and galleries to mount an exhibition of about 100 photographs in the Libyan cities of Benghazi, Misurata, Tripoli and Zintan. We have begun an appeal for financing on emphas.is, the Web site, to raise $15,000 to cover costs.

The aim is to bring together Libyans with different opinions, perspectives and experiences of the conflict to explore diverse interpretations of their unfolding history. The work focuses on our individual experiences on both sides of the war. It does not claim to offer a definitive understanding of events, only an outsiders view.

We are giving Libyan people the opportunity to challenge us, and how we saw the conflict, Mr. Liohn said. We are exposing ourselves to their opinion.

He added that the images will not contain captions, dates, place names or even bylines, nor will they follow a chronology.

This element gives the people only one way to identify them  by their own experiences, he said. If we did this in New York or somewhere else, it would need captions bylines, dates and historical information. But here, we are not dictating it.

A major goal is for the exhibition to be a catalyst for discussion.

We create these records of events to engage the public in our home countries in a dialogue about far away places, Mr. Pellegrin said in a telephone interview from Italy. But the act of deliberately bringing a physical experience back to where it was taken at a moment where things are still very fluid and unsettled makes it a more immediate and direct conversation.

That conversation is all the more pressing in a country where the visual record of the Libyan uprising began with shaky amateur video images of the initial protests in Benghazi and climaxed with grisly cellphone footage of Colonel Qaddafis violent death.

This war started with mobile phone pictures, and it ended with mobile phone pictures of Qaddafi being killed, Mr. Liohn said, adding about the images created by the rebels that, there is no one putting those images in context.

Today, Libyans dont trust each other, he said. So those images that they created are contaminating their minds. Theyre still hanging onto the violence, they are not reflecting.

Libyas uprising, of course, is only part of a monumental shift reshaping the Middle East.

If there ever was a time to do this project, its now, while peoples minds and hearts are still open and searching for meaning in what happened over this past year, said Mr. Denton, who has covered the region from his base in Beirut, Lebanon, for five years. Libyas post-revolutionary identity is still forming.

While the main audience of ADIL is the Libyan people, its profoundly meaningful for the photographers, too. We have all had our share of close calls in a war with elastic front lines where access to fighting was unfettered, but extremely dangerous.

In the Arab Spring, journalists have become the target, Ms. Addario said. We are dealing with the falling of dictatorships  regimes that have been in place for years  and they do not want to let up on their power, at any cost. Journalists like us come in and document the killing of civilians, the massacres and the atrocities governments are committing against their own people, and they dont want the outside world to see. So they target us, kill us.

The deaths of colleagues  among them, Tim Hetherington, Chris Hondros, Lucas Mebrouk Dolega, Anton Hammerl, Anthony Shadid, Marie Colvin and Rmi Ochlik  have not only led many of us who cover conflict to soul-searching, but also inspired a renewed determination to continue covering the Arab uprisings despite the risks. Both Mr. Liohn and Mr. Denton covered most of the Libyan war, from those early days in Benghazi, to Misurata and on to the western Nafusa Mountains, all the way to Tripoli and the storming of Bab al-Azizia, Colonel Qaddafis command center in the capital.

Of those involved with ADIL, Mr. Nga has the deepest roots in Libya. His fathers side of the family is Libyan and has a home in Tripoli. Born in the United States, Mr. Nga obtained a Libyan passport when he was there in 2003 after the death of his grandmother, but the family connection to a pariah state was uncomfortable.

Mr. Ngas work in the ADIL exhibition reveals haunting images of empty spaces or fragments of a broken regime.

My involvement covering Libya was more fleeting. I arrived in early March after an assignment in Afghanistan and left a month later to cover another bloody conflict in Ivory Coast. By the time I reached Libya, I had seen countless images of rebels racing up and down highways, posing and flashing victory signs or firing wildly at random, or quite often, at nothing. I sought to portray something that felt less contrived. Between covering the ragged rebel advances  and even more chaotic retreats under fire  I photographed a quieter series on the roadside destruction, focusing on the scars inflicted upon the desert landscape, which in its own way reflects the psyche of a nation.

Whether ADIL can act as an agent for reconciliation is impossible to know. But the project hopes to promote transparency at a time when Libyas new authorities are increasingly tightening restrictions on Internet access and outside information. It aims to allow Libyans to see themselves, and to understand how others see them.

If ADIL is going to be successful, Mr. Denton said, it should be a mirror of sorts.

Finbarr OReilly is a Reuters photographer based in Dakar, Senegal. He will present his Libya work at the Foto8 Gallery in London tonight, along with a screening of the Oscar-shortlisted documentary Under Fire: Journalists in Combat. Follow @nytimesphoto and @finbarroreilly on Twitter.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Artful, Aerial Views of Humanity's Impact</title>
<text>
There were 2.5 billion people in the world when Edward Burtynsky was born in the late 1950s. Now, there are seven billion and counting.

Thats literally a billion in every decade, so I started recognizing that human enterprise was expanding like a rogue species, Mr. Burtynsky said during a recent interview at the Carlyle Hotels tearoom. I gave myself the view of the outsider, with the ability to look at the systems we need to employ to support the basic mammalian biomass of seven billion people.

That initial realization is at the root of his artistic exploration, leading Mr. Burtynsky, a Canadian photographer, to start looking at what the effect is of that amount of life bearing down on all the existing resources, whether its farmland, oceans, fish and all the protein that we get through the animal food chain. He has spent the last several decades photographing how humans degrade the earth, as they mine, drill, pump and drain in a relentless quest for resources and riches.

I dont see myself as a card-carrying activist at all, but I do see myself as an advocate or a concerned citizen for sustainability, Mr. Burtynsky said. I see that were stretching the boundaries and limits of what we can do in nature, without it starting to bite back. Its starting to, but I dont think its given us a really bad bite yet.

His newest project looks at water, the most vital resource we have, and the multiple ways it is employed in the 21st century.

Mr. Burtynsky, who won the TED prize in 2005, was visiting New York for the opening of twin exhibitions at the Howard Greenberg Gallery and the Bryce Wolkowitz Gallery. Both shows feature hyper-realistic, large-scale photographs from his new work, Water. The exhibits are accompanied by a Steidl monograph, another exhibition curated and presented by the New Orleans Museum of Art (but on view at the Contemporary Arts Center, an independent organization), and his first co-directorial documentary film, Watermark.

This inquiry began several years ago, while he was chatting with some journalists in Australia. Some pretty crazy stories were coming back in terms of what was happening to the first continent thats drying up, he said. It was in worse shape than anywhere else, at that point.

National Geographic contacted him soon thereafter, asking him to participate in a single-themed issue on water. The magazine requested that he focus on California, where he visited places like the Owens Valley, whose water was diverted to spur the growth of nearby Los Angeles.

It became literally a dust bowl, and it was the dust that was causing them a lot of difficulty, Mr. Burtynsky said. It used to be agricultural land, so a lot of fertilizers and pesticides were embedded in the soil. And a lot of selenium, for whatever reason. It was a bowl, so the storms would come in and lift the sand on to towns like Lone Pine. It featured some of the worst, most toxic dust storms in America. (Yes, thats the same Lone Pine made famous by Ansel Adams.)

From California, Mr. Burtynsky spread his search out across much of the planet, making photographs in the United States, Mexico, Iceland, Spain, China, the Netherlands, India, England and Canada. He broke the topic down into several categories: distress, control, agriculture, aquaculture and source. It fits his normal working style.

I like to work in arcs, he said. I call them buckets, where I can fit the different ideas. He chooses the individual subjects for their metaphorical potential, because, given waters immensity as a subject, you cant be encyclopedic or comprehensive. It has to be more poetic and interpretive, but structural.

Regardless of the photographs impact, and the unpleasant realities they reveal, the pictures themselves are undeniably beautiful. Mr. Burtynsky is masterly in his use of aesthetics and in his manipulation of the viewers expectations.

Even though a lot of the pictures are really beautiful to look at, its pretty clear that even the beauty youre looking at is something you intuitively know is not right, said Russell Lord, who curated the exhibition in New Orleans. It looks wrong for the surface of the earth.

Mr. Burtynsky uses art to try to ask questions, open minds and communicate problematic concepts. He acknowledges the difficulty in presenting beautiful pictures that can be misunderstood without the proper context, but insists that the art world is necessary to finance his practice. One photograph in the exhibition at the Howard Greenberg Gallery actually depicts a sewage treatment plant in London.

I sold a print of that the other day, he said. I figure thats a new high or low for art. Im not sure.

Water is on view at the Howard Greenberg Gallery and the Bryce Wolkowitz Gallery, both in Manhattan, through Nov. 2. At the Contemporary Art Center of the New Orleans Museum of Art, the show will be on view through Jan. 19, 2014.

Jonathan Blaustein is an artist and writer based in New Mexico. He contributes regularly to the blog A Photo Editor, and you can follow him  @jblauphoto  and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Pfizer Lets AstraZeneca Go</title>
<text>
Pfizer said on Monday that it had abandoned its bid for AstraZeneca, bringing an end to a monthslong takeover effort that would have created the worlds largest drug company, Jenny Anderson writes in DealBook. The decision  made on the final day for Pfizer to decide whether to abandon the deal  came in the wake of AstraZenecas rejection of what Pfizer called its final offer earlier this month. The cash-and-stock bid valued AstraZeneca at about $119 billion. Pfizer had indicated that it would not pursue a hostile bid, which would have allowed AstraZenecas shareholders to vote on the deal without the approval of AstraZenecas board. Under British takeover rules, Pfizer cannot come back with another offer for AstraZeneca for six months. The bid by Pfizer ignited debate on both sides of the Atlantic over corporate taxes, cancer research and the potential effect on jobs in Britain. That Pfizer was unable to use its vast clout to woo its smaller rival, whose performance had been less than spectacular, is a coup for AstraZeneca, Ms. Anderson writes. AstraZeneca is now under pressure to achieve the ambitious performance targets that it revealed in defense of its bid to stay independent.

N.Y.U. CRISIS IN ABU DHABI STRETCHES TO WALL STREET Martin Lipton, the superlawyer, has advised hundreds of boards of directors in the midst of crises. Now, however, Mr. Lipton is grappling with a board governance crisis of his own, Andrew Ross Sorkin writes in the DealBook column. As chairman of New York Universitys board of trustees, Mr. Lipton has been dealing with revelations that the universitys new campus in Abu Dhabi might have been the product, in part, of rights abuses of foreign laborers. Hours after The New York Times published an article detailing those conditions, Mr. Lipton sent an email to some members of N.Y.U.s board, which is stacked with Wall Street bigwigs including Laurence D. Fink of BlackRock; the hedge fund impresario John A. Paulson; and a Home Depot founder, Kenneth G. Langone. The email said that he had been unaware of the reported abuses. In a memo later that day, the universitys president, John Sexton, tried to create distance between N.Y.U. and the contractor. But this was a red herring, Mr. Sorkin writes. The general contractor that helped oversee the construction of the campus is run by a trustee of N.Y.U.s board. What is more, Mr. Sorkin adds, Mr. Sexton was supported in his ambition to transform the university into an international education platform by a whos who of corporate America accustomed to seeking growth abroad  and the travails it sometimes involves.

SCRUTINY OF PRIVATE EQUITY FEES When Biomet and Zimmer Holdings agreed this year to merge, the deal meant a nice return for everyone. But for Blackstone and the other private equity partnerships in the transaction, this deal will be a gift that keeps giving, Gretchen Morgenson writes in The New York Times. In addition to a share of gains from the sale, as well as management fees, the private equity firms will also share in an estimated $30 million in monitoring fees. The Securities and Exchange Commission has been taking an increasing interest in private equity, especially in their fees. Monitoring fees, like those in the Biomet deal, are a source of particular concern at the S.E.C. because of their ubiquity, Ms. Morgenson writes. Portfolio companies generally agree to monitoring for 10-year increments, but when a company is sold, usually after about five years, the monitoring fees for the remaining years of the contract must still be paid. Ms. Morgenson writes: Ultimately, investors are the ones who lose out when companies pay these fees. Each dollar that a portfolio company pays in fees is one less dollar that it can invest in its operations, thereby shrinking its net worth and ultimate resale value.

ON THE AGENDA Data on durable goods orders for April is out at 8:30 a.m. The Federal Housing Finance Agency house price index for March is released at 9 a.m. The Standard & Poors/Case-Shiller home price index for March is out at 9 a.m. The flash services purchasing managers index is released at 9:45 a.m. The consumer confidence index is out at 10 a.m. Dennis P. Lockhart, president of the Atlanta Fed, gives a speech at Louisiana State University at 8:10 p.m. Eastern time.

GATES SLOWS DONATIONS Bill Gates, who as the richest American has become one of the foremost advocates of philanthropy, has reduced the pace of his own giving to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation over the last decade, Randall Smith writes in DealBook. After starting the foundation with gifts of $356 million from 1994 to 1997, Mr. Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft, expanded it into the nations largest with gifts totaling $24.6 billion over the next four years. But since then, he has dialed back this giving. From 2002 to 2012, he gave $3.7 billion. In that same period, he sold an estimated $22 billion in Microsoft stock. The pullback reflects the foundations rapid growth to a size that has tested its ability to give away money at the pace required both by law and by the fast-rising contributions of another donor, Warren E. Buffett, Mr. Smith writes, adding, Mr. Gates has recently taken a back seat to his friend Mr. Buffett in financing the foundation.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Belle Centers On a Biracial Aristocrat in the 18th Century</title>
<text>
No bodices seem to have been harmed, much less ripped, during the making of Belle, a period film at once sweeping and intimate, about an 18th-century Englishwoman who transcends her historical moment. Even so, peekaboo bosoms tremble throughout the movie amid the rustle of luxurious gowns and the gasps of polite company as conventions are crushed underfoot. Melodramatic and grounded in history, Belle is enough of an old-fashioned entertainment that it could have been made in classic Hollywood. Well, except for one little thing that would have probably given old studio suits apoplexy: The movies prettily flouncing title character is biracial.

You meet her as a child, just as shes being taken by her father, a navy captain, Sir John Lindsay (Matthew Goode), from some shadowy mystery hovel to a large country manor. There, in an elegantly appointed room, the kind that announces the refinement of its inhabitants and whispers their entitlement, Sir John formally claims the child as his own and promptly hands her over to his uncle, Lord Mansfield (Tom Wilkinson, very good), and Lady Mansfield (a dry, funny Emily Watson). The Lord and Lady keep their lips, necks and manners stiff, but take the girl in and raise her as their own  or almost. Soon shes laughing in the garden, and then shes a genteel beauty (a fine Gugu Mbatha-Raw) facing life as a black woman in a slave-trading country.

Shes based on Dido Elizabeth Belle (1761-1804), the daughter of an African woman, Maria Bell, who was probably enslaved and maybe captured off a ship by Sir John. The details of their association and Bells life are murky, but when Dido was young, Sir John took her to Lord Mansfield, who raised her alongside another grandniece, Elizabeth Murray (played by a strong Sarah Gadon). In one account, Thomas Hutchinson, a governor of Massachusetts, described visiting the family: a Black came in after dinner and sat with the ladies and later walked arm in arm with one. She had a very high cap, and her wool was much frizzled in her neck, Hutchinson wrote, but not enough to answer the large curls in fashion. She is neither handsome nor genteel  pert enough.

An unusual painting of her and Elizabeth that shows the women smiling side by side on a terrace  both in silk gowns and pearls, and staring directly at us  suggests that there was far more to Dido than Hutchinsons shabby account. The double portrait, often attributed to Johann Zoffany, now hangs in Scone Palace in Scotland but was painted at Kenwood House in Hampstead, England, where Dido lived for the first 30 or so years of her life. Its an exciting image because she wasnt painted in a traditional subservient pose but instead assumes an almost  if not quite  equal place with her cousin on the canvas. While Elizabeth stands as still as a vase, the somewhat exoticized Dido (she wears a turban) seems to have been, evocatively, captured in midflight.

The vivaciousness of Didos image doesnt always come through in the movie portrait, which the director, Amma Asante, has created in the Merchant-Ivory school of serious, tasteful entertainments. Its easy to mock such films, with their pretty manners and people, but, at their best, they open a door onto an old world that is sometimes more fragile, brittle, imperiled and considerably more complex than its sumptuous trappings at first suggest. Likewise here, Dido and her cousin, both cosseted and corseted, exist in near-pastoral harmony, yet their lives are nowhere as carefree as they seem. Elizabeth has a complicated history and needs, much like a Jane Austen heroine, to marry to ensure her future. And while Dido may be one of the family, shes also sometimes kept segregated.

Written by Misan Sagay, Belle tracks its heroines dawning awareness of both her own social, political and legal position and that of the black slaves who, initially, exist for her only as abstractions. Her education comes through her uncle, the Lord Chief Justice, who has to decide on a horribly real case involving the Zong slave ship, as well as from an amusingly dashing suitor, John Davinier (Sam Reid). The movie plays with the historical record for dramatic effect, as is often the case when the past is disinterred for entertainment, and its realism at times groans under the weight of too many passionate speeches. Yet the weave of the personal and the political finally proves as irresistible as it is moving, partly because it has been drawn from extraordinary life.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Goran Tomasevic's Photos in Syria</title>
<text>
Goran Tomasevic, a staff photographer for Reuters, photographed the fighting in Aleppo, Syria, from Aug. 1 to 17. While he was there, his dramatic images ran on the front pages of newspapers throughout the world. Mr. Tomasevic, 43, has been covering armed conflicts since 1991. On Tuesday, James Estrin interviewed him via e-mail. The exchange has been edited.

When you arrived what were your plans? What did you expect?

Honestly, I didnt have any expectations. I didnt know how the urban environment would look, but I wasnt surprised by the things I saw. I knew there was going to be some destruction because of the scale of bombardment. I also knew there would be guys running around with Kalashnikovs and RPGs. I was just focused on the things happening around me.

In your photographs, it is clear that you were often with the rebels on the front lines. Who were they? Can you describe the fighting that you saw?

The rebels came from different parts of Syria. Most of them came from the villages and towns north of Aleppo. Most were not soldiers, just civilians with guns. They were highly motivated and had modest weaponry, including Russian-made guns such as Kalashnikovs, Dragunov rifles, PKMs and a small amount of RPGs. During the last week I was with them, they showed up with some antiaircraft guns.

How was this different from previous experiences youve had in other countries, and how was it similar?

It reminds me of when I covered the Balkans in the 1990s, with the snipers and urban-style conflict.

How did it compare to Libya?

It was definitely different to Libya. In Libya, when shells and mortars were fired they would hit the sand but in Syria they hit the tarmac, concrete and buildings. This made it a lot more dangerous, as the shrapnel flew around a lot more.

Is there a particular moment, or a few moments, that stand out in your memory?

There are a few moments that stand out, like seeing the dead childs body under the rubble after the bombing of his house (Slide 9). Another was when a rebel was hit by shrapnel. We were just talking on the street when we heard shooting and started running into the building. Two rebels entered the building after me. We heard a large explosion, and that is when the rebel was hit by shrapnel. This photo (Slide 7) is the moment just after the rebel had been hit and entered the house, so there isnt much blood. But in the next series of pictures, you can see blood all over the room. It was such a small room with not much light. It was really difficult technically to take these pictures.

What was your day like when you were in Aleppo? How did you decide what to shoot? And when not to shoot?

I would just wander around, and see who I knew and who I didnt know. Id see who would provide me with an opportunity to go to the front line.

How did you gauge the danger at any given moment?

Thankfully, there werent any moments where I had to stop covering something. I was constantly assessing the dangers, but I knew that the rebels also didnt want to be killed. Every time I went somewhere, I always made a back-up plan of how I can run back to safety. I marked the buildings and knew exactly how I came in. I also watched the government positions and understood that things can go wrong. I always made a plan in my head of what Im going to do.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>At Home With Dr. Ruth</title>
<text>
Dr. Ruth Westheimer has lived in Washington Heights for almost half a century. Her apartment is home to a myriad of cherished objects collected over her lifetime.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Something About It Says Party!</title>
<text>
WHAT IS IT? The hot-rod version of Fords small hatchback.

HOW MUCH? $22,195 base; $25,580 as tested, including ST Recaro package ($1,995), navigation system ($795) and Green Envy metallic paint ($595).

WHATS UNDER THE HOOD? 1.6-liter in-line 4-cylinder with turbocharger and direct injection (197 horsepower, 202 pound-feet).

IS IT THIRSTY? Rated at 26 m.p.g. city and 35 m.p.g. highway, the ST trades a little bit of efficiency for a big gain in performance.

America doesnt really understand hot hatches. Our fuel is still relatively cheap, and we dont tax vehicles based on emissions, so our bang-for-the-buck logic tends to favor big, dumb lummoxes: We are a nation of Camaros and Challengers and two-door Hemi Rams. And while Im enough of a Neanderthal to appreciate the appeal of a honkin fast solid-axle Mustang, Im beginning to get the hot-hatch religion. Small cars  really small cars  can be great fun, too.

The Ford Fiesta ST is the latest case in point. On these shores, the closest thing to it is the rollicking turbocharged egg known as the Fiat 500 Abarth, which is a barrel of grins but not nearly as practical as the four-door Ford.

This Fiesta, as aptly named a car as youll find, joins the Focus ST in Fords stable of rowdy front-wheel-drive machines. The main differentiator between the ST and lesser Fiestas is the small turbo engine, which is strong enough for thrills but not so brawny as to overwhelm the front tires. A 6-speed manual is the only available transmission.

As with the Focus ST, this Fiestas real magic lies in its chassis. By dint of deliberate tuning and brake-based torque vectoring, the ST arrives at neutral cornering behavior  a rarity in front-drive cars. While the Fiesta isnt as outright tail-happy as the Focus, it can likewise squeeze its inside front brake to tuck its nose into a corner and hold a line without plowing straight ahead.

Thanks to quicker steering, new front suspension knuckles, stiffer springs and bigger brakes, the STs chassis is well equipped to handle its 77-horsepower advantage over a garden-variety Fiesta 1.6.

The interior looks much like a standard Fiesta unless you opt for the Recaro package, which gives you front seats that would not look out of place in a Lamborghini. (I mean that literally. Once, during a visit to Lamborghinis factory, I saw a stack of boxes marked Recaro, heading for the Gallardos assembly line.)

If theres an ergonomic failure, its the MyFord Touch system and its 6.5-inch dashboard touch screen. The screens meager real estate is divided into four sections by functions (navigation, entertainment, etc.) Now take one of those corners, cram in six virtual buttons for the stereo-system presets and youll need a jewelers loupe and a calligraphy pen to change the station. You end up choosing one function to dominate the screen  at the exclusion of the others  unless you want to feel like E.T. the Extraterrestrial trying to thread a needle while driving 60 m.p.h.

But who needs a screen labeled entertainment when youve got three pedals, six gears and 197 horsepower? Thats your entertainment right there. The ST even has a sound symposer that pipes noises from the engine bay into the passenger compartment, lending a heady growl when you step on the throttle.

Yes, a 305-horsepower V6 Mustang costs roughly the same. But a V6 Mustang, for all its cheap thrills, isnt particularly interesting. The Fiesta ST, jointly developed by Team RS in Europe and the Fords performance-minded SVT operations here, is more than a mass-market commodity. (In fact, SVT stands for Special Vehicle Team.)

At one point I ended up following a Focus ST on a fast country road, and it was clear that its driver was well aware of the lurid green jelly bean in his rear-view mirror. We were having some fun out there in our little club of two. I doubt that V6 Mustangs foment that brand of camaraderie.

On the surface, the perplexing thing about the Fiesta ST is that its so good when it has no natural competition  the 500 Abarth is much smaller, the four-door Chevy Sonic RS far less powerful.

But the ST wasnt built to take on the Sonic. It was built to challenge the Vauxhalls and Peugeots, Alfas and Citrons that populate the European small-car ecosystem. Like David Beckham moving to Los Angeles to play soccer, the Fiesta ST is a visitor from another universe.

I may not understand soccer or the metric system, but I understand the appeal of a fast, efficient, inexpensive little four-door. In the land of big motors and rear-wheel drive, the Fiesta ST proves theres more than one way to party. EZRA DYER</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>In Brooklyn, Photographing an Invisible Child</title>
<text>
After covering extreme poverty in Haiti, Bangladesh and India, I was assigned to a project on child homelessness in New York.

It was an altogether new realm.

My colleague Andrea Elliott had identified an 11-year-old girl, Dasani, and her family whose lives we would document over the course of a year.

Right from the start, the challenges were great: No visitors are allowed past the lobby of the homeless shelter where they had been living for more than two years in Fort Greene, Brooklyn. We had to sneak in.

Gaining the familys trust took time. The outsiders they regularly encountered were from social service agencies and were seen as intrusive and threatening.

It didnt help that the parents, Chanel in particular, felt uncomfortable being accompanied by a white woman around the shelter or the surrounding housing projects. She told me people would think I was an undercover cop, which might make her neighbors suspect she was a snitch.

Sometimes we would lose contact with the family, because of lost phones or the kind of emergencies that consume their lives. Whenever they missed the shelters 48-hour curfew, they would be forced to trek to the agencys intake office in the South Bronx with all eight children.

Plans often fell through. Sometimes I learned about a significant event days later, as when Dasani became so sick she had to be hospitalized. Given how it seemed as if every part of the system was failing this child, this moment could have strongly illustrated her plight.

But photographs cant be reconstructed from notes. I would grit my teeth and move on.

A lot of times, I didnt take the camera out. When I did shoot, it was with one camera body and one lens. Near the shelter or projects I kept it stashed inside the backpack most of time. I would assess Chanels mood before I would pull the camera out. If I thought she would be comfortable, then Id take it out and shoot a few frames.

Dasani understood from the beginning that I didnt want her posing or doing anything for the camera. At first it was hard for me to go unnoticed or blend into the room, especially with the younger children, who always wanted to see the photos or use the camera.

One of the hardest moments as a photojournalist was to be confronted with the dilemma of helping or photographing when a fight broke out between Dasani and her schoolmates. But my role was to document Dasanis struggles, which happen whether or not I am present. Eventually, I had to put down my camera when the reporter stepped into the frame, trying to break up the fight.

I was always on the lookout for moments that conveyed the close bond the siblings shared, the love that exists under stressful circumstances and the resilience of children, regardless of their situation.

When Dasani gave a spontaneous solo dance at an event in Harlem, she was very nervous but determined. She loved nothing better than performing in front of an audience, and because she didnt have a costume she wore her baby sisters leggings. All her siblings leaned on the stage, and no one clapped harder or cheered more loudly as she danced.

When she finished, her sister Avianna threw her arms around Dasani with a brilliant smile that radiated pride and love. Watching this gave me a lump in my throat.

It is a privilege to be granted an intimate look into anyones life, and with it comes the responsibility of being fair and accurate. Some readers might dismiss Chanel and Supreme as irresponsible parents, but it is much harder to do that when you understand how they were raised themselves.

Their childs story is harder to dismiss. Dasanis life is defined by the kind of inertia that continues to pass through generations long after President Lyndon B. Johnson declared a War on Poverty almost 50 years ago.

The familys shelter room haunts me. I wonder what it says about our society that in one of the wealthiest cities, in one of the wealthiest countries on earth, the citys own sanctuary provides shredded, rotting mattresses for children.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>If Your Bucket List Includes a Taco Truck</title>
<text>
WHAT IS IT? A big metal box on four wheels, built for commercial service.

HOW MUCH? $29,625 base for the 118-inch wheelbase 1500 Low Roof model and $32,905 for the 136-inch-wheelbase High Roof 1500. The tested van, a 3500 High Roof with a 159-inch wheelbase and an extended cargo area had a list price of $38,690. Side windows are optional.

WHATS UNDER THE HOOD? Chryslers familiar 3.6-liter Pentastar V6 rated at 280 horsepower. A 3-liter turbodiesel 4 cylinder (174 horsepower) is a $4,000 option.

IS IT THIRSTY? The E.P.A. doesnt rate the fuel economy of large commercial vehicles, but I observed about 18 m.p.g. in a largely empty ProMaster. Trimmed out as a food truck, the mileage will suffer as you haul around a restaurant.

If theres a 2014 Ram ProMaster van in the meatpacking district, its packed with meat. In the garment district, its moving garments. Nothing about this giant box is designed for comfort, style or driving pleasure. But as a commercial vehicle its destined to become a familiar sight.

The world of full-size vans moves slowly, and then all at once. Dodge sold the same basic B-van  under the names Sportsman, Tradesman and, finally, Ram Van  through the 1971-2003 model years. Then the European-designed Mercedes-Benz Sprinter got a Dodge grille and replaced the B-van for a while.

Now that the corporate Tilt-A-Whirl has spun Chrysler into Fiat, and recast Dodge trucks as Rams, the rear-drive Sprinter has given way to the front-drive ProMaster. The Sprinter is still around as a Mercedes or a Freightliner or simply as a Sprinter, should you consider the three-pointed star pretentious.

Meanwhile, this year Ford is replacing its E-Series Econoline  only modestly updated since 1975  with the European-designed Transit. General Motors sells the last big old-style American van as the Chevrolet Express and GMC Savana. Their last full redesign was 18 years ago.

The ProMaster is a variation on the Fiat Ducato, which was introduced in its current form in 2006; it is also sold by Peugeot and Citron. The significant differences between the ProMaster and its Euro-market clones is that its assembled in Saltillo, Mexico, and is available with Chryslers gasoline-burning Pentastar V6. This is the same power plant found in Dodge and Chrysler minivans, and its mated to the same 6-speed automatic transmission.

Ram also offers the Fiat-made turbo-diesel 4 thats used in the European versions as $4,000 option on the ProMaster. Rated at 174 horsepower, but making excellent low-end torque, it comes hooked to a 6-speed manual transmission. In the United States, most Promasters, like the one I tested, will be powered by the V6.

Everything about how the Promaster looks and drives is at least slightly awkward. Getting in means hauling ones self around and over the front wheel well, and once inside the driver sits bolt upright, facing an equally upright steering wheel and a giant black plastic dashboard. The instrumentation is simple, the shifter pokes out of the dash and the ventilation controls are the ideal three-knob system: one dial to control fan speed, one to set the air temperature and the third to select where the air should be directed.

Whatever distractions occur come from the echoes bouncing through the huge unfinished metal box behind the driver. According to Ram, theres 530 cubic feet of space in the one-ton long-wheelbase high-roof version that I tested. Thats more than 40 times the capacity of a Dodge Darts trunk, and you cant stand up in the Dart. Its also more than three times the capacity of the Ram Cargo Van, the commercial version of the Grand Caravan minivan.

Given that you sit almost atop the left front tire, the nose of the ProMaster seems to rotate around your tailbone. The steering is well weighted, but uncommunicative. The brakes have a nice progressive feel even when the van is empty. Sitting so high, theres some sensation of tiptoe cornering, but its not terrifying. The V6 never felt strained, even though the ProMaster I drove weighed in at 5,070 pounds. It drives like an overinflated minivan.

For some van buyers, the low load floor and foul-weather-capable front drive will be ideal. For others, the height of the load floor wont matter, and the ruggedness of a front-drive transaxle is suspect.

Of course its loud, but thats because an empty ProMaster is a giant steel drum of unrealized potential. What matters is the bottom line.And any van that isnt hauling enough meat or ladies wear or whatever to pay for itself isnt worth buying.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The Immigrant, With Joaquin Phoenix and Marion Cotillard</title>
<text>
In American popular culture, and in the private lore of millions of American families, the immigrant experience of the late-19th and early 20th centuries is often presented as a chronicle of struggle and triumph, a parable of dreams come true. In The Immigrant, James Gray (who directed the film and wrote it with Richard Menello) tries to push through this rosy nostalgia and recapture some of the terror and strangeness of the journey from the Old World to the New. The first shot is of the Statue of Liberty shrouded in harbor mist, and the film unfolds in the gap between the promise that lady embodies and the harsh realities a newcomer encounters once she gets off the boat.

The newcomer is Ewa Cybulska, a Polish Catholic who has crossed the ocean in 1921 with her sister, in flight from war and deprivation. She is played by Marion Cotillard (proving herself once again to be one of the subtlest and bravest screen actresses of the moment) with a luminous intensity  at once dignified and utterly vulnerable  that brings to mind the stars of silent film. And while The Immigrant has dialogue (in several languages) and was shot in color (by the great cinematographer Darius Khondji with a soft-focus, gorgeously grainy palette), it feels almost like a lost artifact of the era it depicts. The film is earnestly and unabashedly melodramatic to an extent that may baffle audiences accustomed to clever, knowing historical fictions. But it also has a depth and purity of feeling that makes other movies feel timid and small by comparison.

At Ellis Island, Ewa and her sister, Magda (Angela Sarafyan), are separated by the authorities. Magda is quarantined, and Ewa, classified as a person of questionable morals and liable to become a public charge, is prepared for deportation. She is rescued by Bruno Weiss (Joaquin Phoenix), a sharply dressed and well-connected representative of the Travelers Aid Society, whos also a producer of burlesque shows and a pimp.

It does not take long for Ewa, who is desperate rather than nave, to figure out that her savior is also a predator. But Mr. Phoenix, who appeared in three of Mr. Grays previous films (The Yards, We Own the Night and Two Lovers), is a notably complicated actor, and Bruno is by no means a simple villain. There are unmistakable gothic elements in Ewas tale, which is to some extent a lurid fable of wronged innocence, irrational cruelty and wild coincidence set in a landscape of betrayal, brutality and corruption. But Mr. Grays gentle, probing camera works its way under the skin and into the souls of the characters, who turn out to be as changeable and unpredictable as their circumstances.

Ewa suffers  she is forced into prostitution and rejected by relatives she thought would care for her  but she also schemes and steals. She is treated with not entirely undeserved suspicion by some of her new companions, notably Belva (the wonderful Dagmara Dominczyk), another of Brunos charges.

Not everything in The Immigrant works. Mr. Gray is more interested in mood and feeling than in the mechanics of plot, and some of the turns in the story stumble and creak  notably those involving Ewas relationship with Orlando (Jeremy Renner), a stage magician who happens to be Brunos cousin. He is, at least in Ewas eyes, Brunos antithesis, free-spirited and kindhearted, but he functions more as a structural convenience than a fully human presence. He arrives to propel the drama forward, but he also lowers the films feverish temperature.

Still, Orlando is part of a vivid tableau of early-20th-century urban popular culture, a milieu that provides The Immigrant with its setting and its inspiration. The tenor Enrico Caruso performs for the Ellis Island detainees before Orlandos magic act, and the Bandits Roost, the Lower East Side nightclub where Brunos doves shed their clothes, is a hive of vaudevillian variety, home to strippers, comedians and musicians. It is hard to disentangle art from sleaze, much as, with Bruno, you cant quite separate the lost boy from the scoundrel.

All of which is part of the point Mr. Gray is making about America and equally about the art form to which he is so passionately attached. Crude manipulation sits side by side with exquisite subtlety; tawdriness is all mixed up with beauty, meanness with tenderness. Like his other movies, The Immigrant is messy and glorious, a potboiler with the soul of a tragedy, a Dreiserian opera. (The lush musical score is by Chris Spelman).

It tells the story of a woman who is denied both the consolations of tribe and her own autonomy, and thus presents a kind of photographic negative of the American dream. It is not what your great-grandmother told her children, even though it may have been a story she knew very well.

The Immigrant is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). Violence, greed, nudity.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Wee Taste of Europe</title>
<text>
THERE are two types of small cars in America. First, there are the bare-bones, price-is-the-entire-object ennui-boxes. These are the cars you end up driving when you stubbornly resist the $2-a-day upgrade at the rental counter.

A few years back, Chevrolet of Canada caught flak for running an ad for the Cavalier that basically said, Hey, its better than taking the bus. The pitch offended bus riders and public transportation advocates, but I admire that honesty. Cars that duke it out at the very bottom of the market  like the basest Nissan Versa or Hyundai Accent, each priced around $10,000  promise mobility, and thats about it.

It took a long time for car companies to realize that drivers in the United States might consider a small vehicle that wasnt ruthlessly built to a price. The modern Mini Cooper was the trailblazer, proving that Americans might buy a diminutive hatchback on its own merits, even when they could afford something bigger. Cars like the Mini and the Honda Fit offer a more upscale driving experience than the frill-free automotive flounders that scour the bottom of the market for rental sales, college students and frugal commuters.

The Ford Fiesta is a subcompact in the ambitious Fit idiom. Its not the least expensive small car you can buy (or even, perhaps, the least expensive Ford). But the 2011 Fiesta hews to the European hatchback ideal, and Europeans hold the bizarre expectation that small vehicles should act like real cars.

First, a bit of history on the nameplate: in the late 1970s and early 80s, Ford sold a hatchback called the Fiesta. In the late 80s, it introduced a hatchback named the Festiva. Now were back to the Fiesta. I asked Ford what the rationale was behind the Fiesta-to-Festiva-to-Fiesta name change, and the response was, The Festiva was a different car.

Right. One which happened to be the smallest Ford hatchback, just like the car it replaced. Its as if Ford canceled the Mustang, replaced it with a V-8 muscle car named the Mutsvang, and then declared that the two vehicles had nothing to do with each other. And Im afraid thats the best answer I have for you on that. This Fiesta is a far cry from the bygone Korean-built Festiva, which came with 12-inch steel wheels suggesting that somewhere, a lawn tractor was up on blocks.

Fords new baby is available as a sedan or five-door hatchback and offers upmarket equipment like a 6-speed dual-clutch sequential transmission, heated leather seats and the excellent Sync multimedia system.

There are still a few obvious cost-cutting measures. For instance, the rear brakes are drums, not discs. But then again, so are they on a Maybach  the 1932 Maybach Zeppelin, to be exact.

Rear drums aside, the Fiesta is about as safe as it gets in this class. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety named the Fiesta the first minicar to earn the designation of Top Safety Pick. (The distinction applies to Fiestas built after July, when Ford strengthened the door handles.)

Regardless of the build date, the Fiesta interior has enough air bags to raise the Edmund Fitzgerald. And electronic stability control is standard.

There is one engine, a 1.6-liter 4-cylinder that squeezes out an indifferent 120 horsepower. So the Fiesta is slow. Then again, so are its competitors. But you should not drive alongside rivers near college campuses, because you might get passed by varsity crew teams.

The Fiestas best talent is making you forget its size once youre actually moving down the road. The body is so stiff and quiet that I kept finding myself speeding, despite the modest power.

The suspension quietly soaks up impacts while maintaining a controlled ride  theres none of the Clydesdale clop you hear when the engineers try to dial a soft ride into an overly flexible chassis. You get a sense that the limits are low but that the car doesnt mind frolicking on an on-ramp now and then.

Mainly, though, the Fiesta seems optimized for the role it will probably fill for most people: commuting. Theres very little wind noise, you have Sync to handle your smartphone and play podcasts, and the fuel economy is excellent  40 miles per gallon on the highway, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. When you do need to gas up, Fords capless filler is one of those small delights that makes life a little easier.

If you had to spend a couple of hours a day in a Fiesta, my sense is that it would endear itself rather than instill resentment. Hey, you dont like the color of the cupholder lighting? You can change it, boss. It aims to please, the Fiesta.

The Fiesta is really the exemplar of the domestic hatchbacks newfound respectability. But the main challenge for small cars in America is that theres not much financial incentive to buy them.

In Europe and Japan, driving a smaller car brings tax advantages. Then theres the cost of fuel, which is currently more than $6 a gallon in most of Europe. When every mile per gallon and gram of carbon dioxide counts on the bottom line, it makes sense to buy the smallest car that will get you to work on time.

And to that end, the Fiesta is a hit. Its Fords No. 1 seller in Europe, with half a million sold in the last year.

But in the United States, unless your car is subject to the gas-guzzler penalty, the taxman doesnt care whether you have a 1.6-liter 4 or a 550-horsepower V-8. So the financial rationale for entry-level cars mostly amounts to what you save on the purchase price, relative to the next car up the ladder. And for Ford, theres precious little breathing room between the Fiesta and its bigger sibling, the Focus.

The Fiesta starts at $13,995 for a basic sedan with a 5-speed manual transmission and can cost more than $21,000 for a loaded five-door SES. A couple of months ago, I grabbed a Ford dealership flier that advertised the 2011 Fiesta SE for $16,895. The same dealership was hawking the 2010 Focus SEL, with a leather interior, for $15,495.

The Focus concedes a few m.p.g.  its highway mileage is in the mid-30s  but it offers more passenger room and 20 extra horsepower. The Fiesta is technologically superior, but will buyers care about a dual-clutch gearbox when they can get more car for less money in the same dealership? I know Im comparing leftover Focuses with 2011 Fiestas, but even once the Focus is redesigned, there will never be much daylight between these two cars.

At current gas prices, the E.P.A. estimates that fueling up a Focus instead of a Fiesta would cost an extra $219 a year (assuming 15,000 miles of driving). Somehow, I doubt that the prospect of saving 60 cents a day will be the deciding factor in many new-car purchases.

However, it was barely more than two years ago that gasoline passed $4 a gallon and the Honda Civic started outselling the Ford F-150. Ill wager that gas prices will eventually pass $4 again. And when they do, the Fiesta will be the life of the party.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Wheelies: The G.M. Trucks Hiccup Edition</title>
<text>
A roundup of motoring news from the web:

 General Motors is recalling about 500 full-size pickups and S.U.V.s from the 2014-15 model years because of a potentially faulty part in the module that controls the air bags. G.M. said the affected vehicles are the 2014-15 Chevrolet Silverado, GMC Sierra, Chevrolet Suburban and Tahoe and the GMC Yukon and Yukon XL. The problem could keep all of the vehicles air bags from deploying in a crash, although a warning light would indicate the fault, Alan Adler, a spokesman for G.M., wrote in an email. The vehicles were part of a stop-delivery order G.M. issued to its dealerships until repairs could be made. No other similar vehicles were affected, the automaker said.

 G.M. announced this week that it would offer fuel-saving stop-start technology in the 2015 Chevrolet Impala sedan. G.M. said the system, which shuts off the engine when it would otherwise be idling, would be available on cars equipped with a 2.5-liter 4-cylinder engine. The E.P.A. fuel-economy estimate for the car is 22 miles per gallon in the city, 31 m.p.g. on the highway and 25 m.p.g. combined. (GM Authority)

 Although all new vehicles are required to meet a certain federal standard, the roughly 17,000 automotive dealerships in the United States are required to provide a certificate showing that the vehicles meet that standard. In a push to eliminate paperwork seen by dealerships as redundant, the United States Senate approved a bill on Friday that would remove the requirement. (The Detroit News)

 Also, three Democratic senators are pushing for an increase in the $35 million maximum fine the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can assess automakers that run afoul of federal automotive safety regulations. Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut said the current fine was a pittance compared to the companys revenue and the damage caused by its deception and delay. (Automotive News, subscription required)

 Osamu Nagata, the chief of engineering and manufacturing in North America for Toyota, said on Thursday that the despite the end-of-year denouement of a battery-supply deal with Tesla, Toyota wanted to continue its research and development relationship with the California-based electric-car manufacturer. Toyota had announced that it would put higher priority on hydrogen fuel cell-powered vehicles, ending a three-year arrangement in which Tesla supplied battery packs for RAV4 crossovers. (Automotive News, subscription required)

 According to a report in Tech Crunch, the California Department of Motor Vehicles will grant licenses for driverless cars starting this fall. The licenses will be granted to drivers and vehicles for testing purposes, and will cost $150 each. Among other requirements, the state says the vehicle must be insured for a minimum of $5 million for personal injury, death or property damage, and the driver must always be in control of the vehicle. (Tech Crunch)

 The Egoista, Lamborghinis single-seat concept supercar, is on its way back to the Lamborghini Museum in SantAgata, Italy. Introduced last year, at Lamborghinis 50th anniversary celebration, the Egoista features over-the-top styling and a 600-horsepower 5.2-liter V10 engine. (Autoblog)

 According to a report from WardsAuto, G.M. will not be building a large, three-row crossover it had tentatively planned for the 2018 model year. The publication said that the decision came because such a model could have interfered with sales of the Buick Enclave and GMC Acadia, crossovers that were already being sold. (WardsAuto, subscription required)</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>An Election Day Look at How Language Changes in The Times, and in the Culture</title>
<text>
Heres an Election Day diversion, courtesy of the research and development people at The Times. Its called Chronicle and it measures the number of articles in which a particular word or phrase has appeared since 1981.

The brainchild of Alexis Lloyd, a creative technologist, Chronicle has a serious purpose.

You can see how topics have risen and fallen over time, but you can also see the way language and terminology change over time, she said. For example, she said, the term greenhouse effect has given way to the broader discussion of climate change.

She built a rudimentary version of the tool about six months ago and has been refining it ever since. Eventually, she intends to take its reach back to include more than another 100 years of Times usage. It is intended for internal use, at least for now.

My use of the tool started with some brainstorming involving not only Ms. Lloyd, but also Matt Boggie, director of technology strategy, and my assistant, Joseph Burgess. Because this post is appearing on Election Day, we concentrated on phrases from the political realm  from activist judges, which peaked in late 2004, to jobs and economy, phrases that have been increasing and falling for years but are at an especially high level now for obvious reasons.

Readers who have interesting ideas for words or phrases to search or compare can e-mail me at public@nytimes.com. (One particularly interesting one that is sometimes used as an example is the fall of yuppies and the rise of hipsters.) Ill do a follow-up post soon to show the results of some of the best suggestions.

From climate change to recount, here are some of the results we came up with. (One further Election Day note: Ill be staying in The Timess newsroom later and into the night and intend on being active on Twitter, where you can follow me at twitter.com/sulliview. Ill put the messages in Storify form on Wednesday and add them as a link to this blog.)</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Belgian Sculptor Takes Antwerp by Storm</title>
<text>
A storm is brewing at Middelheim Museum, a sculpture park outside of Antwerp, Belgium. The Storm, to be exact. Its the Belgian sculptor Johan Cretens newest show, an outdoor installation of 25 monumental works cast in bronze, clay and resin. Cretens work speaks to the storm within us all, as individuals and as a society, and deals with his usual themes: nature, the female form, power, politics and spirituality. As a preview to what is, to date, his largest and most ambitious exhibition, which opens this Saturday under the moody Flemish sky, the Paris-based artist talks to T about the processes and inspiration behind some of the works on view.

Johan Creten: The Storm is on view from May 24 through Sept. 14 at Middelheim Museum, Middelheimlaan 61, 2020 Antwerp-Belgium, middelheimmuseum.be.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Gideon Glick Brings a Bit of Himself to The Few</title>
<text>
Its hard to imagine that the word yeah has ever yielded more laughs or more heartbreak than it does in the Off Broadway drama The Few, as performed by the actor Gideon Glick.

Playing Matthew, a lonely 19-year-old working in a cramped newspaper office in northern Idaho, Mr. Glick says yeah 24 times, imbuing the phrase at varying points with hesitancy, anxiety, dismay, self-doubt, wonder and impatience. The word can be Matthews way to connect with other people or to keep his distance. Mr. Glicks delivery is even more memorable because of Matthews high timbre and his physical tics: Mr. Glicks body never seems to stop quaking.

This portrait of profound discomfort is not the result of painstaking rehearsal. Mr. Glicks own voice and body language are similar to Matthews. His hands and arms have long vibrated with energy, emotion and sometimes anxiety.

Mr. Glick said he had never discussed the physical life of the character with the plays director, Davis McCallum. Rather, The Few, which runs through June 21, is the latest instance in which Mr. Glicks idiosyncrasies have paid off, to critical acclaim.

Ive always known Ive had a distinct voice and mannerisms, partly because some people in the business said they were off-putting, and I should think about changing them, said Mr. Glick, who has given other notable performances Off Broadway in Speech & Debate and on Broadway in Spring Awakening.

But changing what makes you special seems like a crazy idea to me, he said. Besides, like Matthew, Ive always felt like an alien in my own body. You cant simply make that go away.

Mr. Glick, who will turn 26 next month, was born deaf in his right ear, which affects his balance, singing  Harmony doesnt come easy to me  and physical and conversational ease. For his breakthrough role, the shy, gay teenager Ernst in the musical Spring Awakening, Mr. Glick said he had felt handicapped and had to work and rehearse hard to consciously overcome that feeling and fit in with his cast mates.

If he still has self-esteem issues, he doesnt show it; in his studio apartment in Harlem, Mr. Glick has proudly kept a Magic Marker drawing by his brother of van Gogh, with the caption: Two ears are normal. One ear is great.

Growing up outside Philadelphia, Mr. Glick said he had always felt that his parents, both academics, and other adults supported him in being himself. That sense of security helped him come out as gay at the age of 12; Mr. Glick also took courage from knowing that plenty of gay actors appeared in plays and musicals. (His first professional production was The Three Musketeers, when he was 11.)

In The Few, Matthew is gay but has been emotionally shattered by the cruel homophobia of his stepfather. The play, by Samuel D. Hunter (The Whale), centers on the interwoven relationships among Matthew and two lost souls (Bryan and Q. Z.) in their 30s who created a newspaper for truckers with Matthews uncle. While Matthews sexuality is important and influences the course of his life, Mr. Glick said he didnt believe in playing gay, creating a particularly gay emotional life for a character.

Youre playing the story, the script, the relationships, Mr. Glick said. It just has happened that Ive played several gay characters, but you never want to make anyone a gay type.

After Spring Awakening, Mr. Glick  then a student at New York University, where he is now finishing his art history degree, attending classes during the day  played the sexually precocious gay teenager Howie in Stephen Karams Speech & Debate. The role came by accident. Mr. Karam recalled that the actor John Gallagher Jr., one of the stars of Spring Awakening, had been set to play Howie in a reading of the play, but Mr. Glick filled in at the last minute.

He finished reading the script on the subway coming to the reading, then came in and was amazing, Mr. Karam said. I think he pulled it off so quickly because hes good at bringing a lot of himself to his roles. That might make him sound like less of an actor, but its the smartest actors who are confident enough to bring whats unique about themselves as a human being to the play.

The two grew so close that Mr. Karam wrote one of his next plays, Sons of the Prophet, to include a role for Mr. Glick: Charles, the gay, sardonic brother who is deaf in one ear. Mr. Glick missed out on the acclaimed Off Broadway production of the play in 2011, however, because he chose to make a movie called Gods Behaving Badly, with Edie Falco and Christopher Walken. Mr. Glick hoped it would be his big break, but the film remains unreleased. (He is having better luck acting on Lifetimes Devious Maids and the web series It Could Be Worse.)

His most surreal theater experience was as part of the original cast of the musical Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark, playing one of the four Geek Chorus narrators. But he was let go when the characters were dropped after the director Julie Taymor was fired from the production. Mr. Glick was enamored with Ms. Taymor, he said, and bewildered when she was described as unprofessional by the shows producers, whom Mr. Glick came to see as the real problem during the tumultuous months of preview performances of the show.

I saw Julie as an artist struggling to work from beginning to end, which I really admired, Mr. Glick said. But there were games being played by others.

The enormous Foxwoods Theater (now the Lyric), where the $75 million Spider-Man production ran, is a far cry from the 99-seat Rattlestick Playwrights Theater, where The Few is playing, but the intimacy of the new play may be more Mr. Glicks speed. Mr. McCallum, the plays director, described Mr. Glick as a transparent actor who made line readings seem quietly, eerily natural.

You start to believe that some of the yeahs had never been written in the script, Mr. McCallum said. You almost think Gideon has jumped his cue or is improvising. But its not that. He just puts honesty into every word.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>2015 Jeep Renegade</title>
<text>
Up Next in</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Bare-Bones Electric Car That Goes the Extra Mile</title>
<text>
THE driving distance for electric vehicles priced near the heart of the new-car market  starting around $35,000, before federal tax credits and other incentives  is defined by cars like the Nissan Leaf and Ford Focus Electric. Each of those models, when keeping pace with a typical mix of traffic conditions, will drive about 70 to 80 miles on a fully charged battery.

So the introduction of a similarly priced electric sedan that delivers a consistent 100-mile range represents something of an industry milestone.

Credit for that advance, confirmed by my week of driving to business meetings and family outings around the San Francisco Bay Area, goes to a Los Angeles-based electric-car start-up, Coda Automotive. The company put its first model, a sedan that carries an official range rating of 88 miles per charge from the Environmental Protection Agency, on sale last March.

As the first journalist to spend quality time with the companys single vehicle available for review, I set out on trips that I would never take in the leased Nissan Leaf I usually drive. One weekend I took my wife and two teenagers to Bolinas Beach, about 25 miles north of the Golden Gate Bridge. We made that drive, a 79-mile round trip from our home in Berkeley, in comfort, using the Codas ample trunk to stow our gear.

The 134-horsepower motor proved sufficient for highway needs. The 870-pound battery pack, mounted under the floor, lowers the center of gravity to help maintain competent handling of the 3,670-pound sedan along twists and turns. When we got home, nearly 20 percent of the batterys charge remained.

Replenishing the lithium-iron-phosphate battery with the Codas 6.6-kilowatt onboard charger restored about 20 miles of range each hour  about twice the rate of my Leaf  drawing from a 240-volt source. The next day, I traveled on business to a meeting in Silicon Valley, tallying an impressive 102.8 miles, with a few miles charge left in reserve.

To achieve this feat while keeping costs under control, Coda focused its efforts on the systems that manage battery power, outsourcing the cars body (and battery cells) to China; other components come from American companies. The car is adapted to E.V. duty from a gas-powered model manufactured by ChangAn Hafei in Harbin, a provincial capital in the northeast corner of the country. Final assembly takes place in Benicia, Calif.

Coda says that its redesign of the body structure resulted in the first made-in-China passenger car to meet highway safety standards in the United States  an achievement that may presage the arrival of conventional gas-powered Chinese cars in this country.

The company even brought its chief executive from China. Coda hired Philip Murtaugh in 2011, a former top executive at the Chinese operations of General Motors and Chrysler.

At the 2011 Los Angeles auto show, Mr. Murtaugh expressed concern over the reception for the cars styling in the American market. First produced nearly about a decade ago, it gives the impression of a knockoff copy of a Y2K Nissan Sentra or Honda Civic.

The vehicle was chosen three years ago, he told me. I came in nine months ago. We couldnt change it.

The Coda sedan lacks features that other E.V.s offer, cutting out the cost of amenities in order to fit a bigger battery. Theres no keyless entry, push-button start or switchable Sport and Eco driving modes. And no techno start-up sound or backup camera, not even a mobile app for your smartphone or simple conveniences like one-touch window lowering. In fact, the Coda, starting at $38,145, doesnt have cruise control.

The Codas price falls between the Focus Electric at $39,995 and the Leaf at $36,050. Like those competing E.V.s, the Coda qualifies for a federal tax credit of $7,500, as well as a California E.V. rebate of $2,500. That brings the final price, without options, to $28,145 in my home state.

As with all electric vehicles, the key to range is battery capacity. Codas 31-kilowatt-hour battery surpasses the Leaf, which has 24-kilowatt-hour pack, and the Focus Electrics 23 kilowatt-hour pack. (Coda says it will offer a 36 kilowatt-hour battery this year.) Coda also uses an active thermal management system to preserve range in cold and hot weather; it uses air to do the work of regulating temperature, rather than liquid like the Focus Electric.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Classics Help Broadway Rebound</title>
<text>
Thanks to an unusual combination of established hits and whod-a-thunk-it crowd-pleasers from Shakespeare, Beckett and Pinter, Broadway has bounced back forcefully from the flops, flat ticket revenues and thin audiences that battered business a season earlier.

And the New York theater capital has done so without the help of any new blockbuster musicals, like a Book of Mormon or a Wicked, which are usually big drivers of box-office grosses.

Heading into the final weekend of the 2013-14 calendar of show openings, Broadway musicals and plays are on track to set a record total gross of $1.27 billion for the season, an increase of 11 percent, the biggest bump since the 2008 recession. The industrys 40 theaters in Manhattan enjoyed a bursting slate of new shows as well as robust sales from a strikingly large number of holdovers from last season: the original musicals Kinky Boots, Matilda the Musical and Motown: The Musical and the revivals of Pippin, Rodgers and Hammersteins Cinderella and the now-shuttered Annie. Usually only two or three musicals enter a new season with such tailwinds.

Attendance was up 5 percent, despite a brutal winter, totaling about 12.2 million. That increase largely erased the 6 percent drop of last season, which yielded the smallest Broadway audience in eight years.

The improved picture for Broadway is striking, because the current season has underperformed in generating moneymaking, must-see musicals. The big-budget shows Rocky and Bullets Over Broadway: The Musical havent broken out as their producers expected. The widely anticipated Big Fish and Bridges of Madison County closed relatively quickly. And the critically praised A Gentlemans Guide to Love & Murder and After Midnight have yet to catch fire.

Of the 12 new musicals this season, only Disneys Aladdin, the jukebox show Beautiful: The Carole King Musical, and the Idina Menzel-led If/Then are selling solidly  though not enough to take most of the credit for the box-office upswing.

Instead Broadway offered a diverse mix, a far cry from the decades when there were mostly three types of shows: the big musical, the serious play and the comedy.

If you think about Broadway like your cable remote control, there is more niche programming than ever this season, with something for people who like stars, dramas, Shakespeare, comedies, serious musicals, funny musicals, dance-heavy musicals, said Scott Sanders, a lead producer of After Midnight, a revue of Cotton Club numbers that regularly rotates in guest performers from the pop-music world.

Producers had particular success drawing sizable audiences for plays. A double bill of Shakespeares Twelfth Night and Richard III  which sometimes feel like homework  became the talk of the town thanks to an all-male Elizabethan troupe, led by Mark Rylance, who has been nominated for Tony Awards for both plays. Pinters Betrayal and No Mans Land and Becketts Waiting for Godot featured stars with fan followings: Daniel Craig, Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen. A critically acclaimed The Glass Menagerie had inventive staging that made a well-worn title feel fresh.

Even plays that Im not normally crazy about, I found to be fabulous, because the performances were so extraordinary, said Charlotte St. Martin, the executive director of the Broadway League, a trade group of theater owners and producers. (She declined to name titles.)

As usual, Broadway also grew more expensive to attend. The average paid admission this season, which concludes Sunday, will end up close to $104, compared with about $98 for 2012-13. Some shows, like Kinky Boots, Betrayal and The Book of Mormon, charged premium prices of more than $400 for many seats at some performances, given audience demand. But another factor in ticket prices were the holdovers like Matilda and Motown: While they offered discounts of 25 percent or more last season, during their first months of performances, they bloomed into bona fide hits this season and have seen more patrons buying seats at regular ticket prices of up to $145 (and premium prices of up to $250).

For all the good news, Broadway remains a tough place to make money: Only about 25 percent of shows turn a profit, and that proportion is not expected to grow much this season. Still, nearly all Broadway houses had shows this season (and backups when some flopped), in contrast to last seasons strikingly high number of vacancies.

One prime theater, the Neil Simon, was empty for nine months after the musical Scandalous closed quickly in December 2012; this season, the musical Big Fish and now the acclaimed play All the Way have run there. Another house, the Broadhurst, was dark for seven months in 2012-13 when the musical Rebecca was derailed by a fraud scheme; the Tom Hanks play Lucky Guy and now Mamma Mia! have kept the seats filled this season. A third theater, Circle in the Square, was empty for 13 months until this seasons lineup of Soul Doctor and Bronx Bombers (both flops) and Lady Day at Emersons Bar & Grill (a hit). The Lyceum, Sondheim and Longacre theaters have also gone from dark to lit.

Several new shows that had hoped to open in the 2014-15 season, which officially begins next week, are now struggling to find theaters. Plans for new musicals like King Kong and revivals like The Color Purple are partly dependent on theaters coming open. And one show has already fallen out: A revival of the musical Titanic will not come in as planned, the shows producers announced on Wednesday, because its preferred theaters wouldnt be available.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Buick Stakes a Claim In Munchkinland</title>
<text>
WARREN, N.H.  Buicks image is so ingrained in the national consciousness that the name has become shorthand for an American road barge with ample proportions. That moose, someone may say, is as big as a Buick.

But since Buick survived the brand massacre that accompanied General Motors bankruptcy and reorganization  living on even as Hummer, Pontiac and Saturn were laid to rest  the division and its products have slimmed down and shaped up.

And with its new Encore, Buick is bravely venturing into barely charted terrain at the small end of the utility market, where the mini-Buick, along with the BMW X1 and Mini Countryman, is blazing an upscale trail that other brands will soon follow with their own small-scale, yet upscale, crossovers.

Whats as small as this diminutive new Buick? Among crossovers, not much. In overall length, the 2013 Encore is the shortest Buick since the Model 34 runabout of 1912; at 168.5 inches long, the Encore is about 10 inches shorter than a Honda CR-V and eight inches less than a BMW X1.

Despite the Encores dimunitive size, Buick marketers envision a big opportunity in an emerging market category. They expect annual United States sales of submidsize crossovers, including luxury models, to reach 360,000 by 2015.

But while the Encore has carved out its own little corner of the crossover kingdom, even Buick executives have a hard time pinning down the competition. They mention the X1, though that vehicle, the smallest BMW on four wheels, is more sporty and more expensive. The target customers are similar to those of the Volkswagen Tiquan, which is a bit larger and less fuel-efficient.

The Encore is about half a foot longer than the Nissan Juke and Mini Countryman, but the Juke is more raucous and lacks the Encores amenities. The Countryman, like the Juke, has a more adventurous design.

Fuel economy is a big part of the sales pitch. The front-drive Encore has a federal rating of 25 miles per gallon in the city, 33 on the highway and 28 in combined driving. The all-wheel-drive version is rated at 23 city, 30 highway and 26 combined. I nearly matched the highway rating on a trip from hilly northern New Hampshire to the flatlands of Springfield, Mass., with the cruise control set at 65.

Buick says the Encore has the highest fuel economy of any front-drive crossover offered by a Detroit automaker, which seems like a lot of caveats. (Lest anyone begin waving the American flag, the Encore is assembled in South Korea.)

Still, several compact crossovers that are somewhat larger and heavier manage to get comparable fuel economy ratings. And somewhat surprisingly, the midsize Subaru Outback, a much larger and heavier car, has a similar mileage rating (24 city/30 highway/26 combined). The Outbacks price range is also similar, and the Subaru is assembled in Indiana.

The Encore is enjoyable enough to drive, especially given the challenges to ride comfort posed by a relatively short wheelbase and tall body. On smooth pavement, there is no issue, but on rough patches occupants are sometimes subjected to a fair amount of up-and-down jiggling.

The electric power steering is something Buick can brag about; it is tight on center, linear and predictable in the turns. Like most electric steering systems, however, it doesnt convey much road feel to the driver. With its tidy dimensions, the Encore changes direction quickly and demonstrates Buicks newfound commitment to making cars that are satisfying  even if not downright sporty  to drive.

The only engine is a 1.4-liter Ecotec 4-cylinder rated at 138 horsepower and 148 pound-feet of torque. This turbocharged motor is mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.

For a small 4-cylinder engine, there wasnt much vibration or noise  and indeed, in normal driving, the power plant doesnt seem so small. But flooring the accelerator produces some undignified noises, and the 3,309-pound all-wheel-drive model goes nowhere fast.

The transmission is smart about choosing the correct gear. Climbing a steep two-lane road between here and the Kinsman Notch, it selected one gear and held it.

A tall sixth gear lets the Encore cruise at 65 m.p.h. at a fairly relaxed engine speed of 2,300 r.p.m.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Kenya and Elsewhere</title>
<text>
Lens is the photography blog of The New York Times, presenting the finest and most interesting visual and multimedia reporting  photographs, videos and slide shows. A showcase for Times photographers, it also seeks to highlight the best work of other newspapers, magazines and news and picture agencies; in print, in books, in galleries, in museums and on the Web. Here are some suggestions for getting the most out of Lens. You can also send us an e-mail message.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Is There Really Room to Debate Whether Women Can Lead?</title>
<text>
The headline was powerful  or at least it had the power to startle.

Within the setting of the often excellent Opinion section blog, Room for Debate, and in the context of Sheryl Sandbergs book Lean In, it read: Do Women Have What It Takes to Lead?

On Twitter, Sarah Green, an editor at the Harvard Business Review, deemed it not fit to print. Those responding to her were quick to note that The Timess own newsroom is led by Jill Abramson, the executive editor.

In a blog called Policymic, Elizabeth Plank took up the topic with a certain amount of impatience.

Can you hear that? Ah yes. Thats the distinct sound of thousands of face palms echoing all over the nation. And she noted that the subject was last formally addressed in 1954 in the October issue of The Homemaker.

By phone, Ms. Green later called the question undermining.

If you substituted any other demographic group, I think there would have been an a-ha moment by an editor that this wasnt such a good idea, she told me.

She added: Why, with women, are we still asking questions like that? Is it, she wondered, because sexism is harder to see? And, she said, Because we dont see women in leadership positions as much, people think theres something wrong with the women.

Harvard Business Review has published a number of studies that suggest that women actually outpace men in leadership abilities, according to both genders.

So why dont we have more female leaders? I think thats a much more interesting (and debatable) question than Do women have what it takes? Ms. Green said.

Rachel Sklar, co-founder of Change The Ratio  a nonprofit organization which sets out to increase visibility, access and opportunity for women in tech and media  and who was behind much of the Twitter traffic on this subject, also joined the fray in her blog.

The editor of Room for Debate, Susan Ellingwood, responded to my question about the headline.

Raising a provocative question is our way of starting an interesting discussion. That title starts a productive conversation about gender stereotypes and leadership  even if, in the end, the consensus among the debaters is yes, women do have what it takes. Each post explored the question from a different angle. And as readers reactions show, the pieces sparked a conversation about an important topic. Thats our goal. What struck all of us here at Room for Debate is that the publicity around Sheryl Sandbergs bookpromotes an aggressive self-centered male approach to leadership, and yet there are many studies that show that team-building and consensus, seen as a female, approach to leadership can be more effective.

Gender equity, equal pay, the differences in leadership styles, the relatively small number of women in top corporate jobs or top elected positions, how women can succeed at both career and home life  all of these topics are worth discussing. (And now that we all live in what sometimes feels like Ms. Sandbergs Lean In nation, were certainly getting plenty of opportunities to do just that.) No complaints there.

But prompting the discussion with a question whose answer is self-evident may not be the best approach.

As Ms. Plank responded to the question: Uh, yes.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>E.C.B. Plots Strategy for Staving Off Deflation</title>
<text>
SINTRA, Portugal  The European Central Bank was basically intended to do one thing: keep inflation in a cage. But its mission has turned out to be a lot more complicated than that.

That was the challenge facing an elite group of policy makers and economists gathered this week at a golf resort here outside Lisbon to brainstorm about how the central bank can combat the euro zones continuing economic problems with only a limited arsenal and a dwindling supply of ammunition.

The question has become more urgent in light of a growing recognition  acknowledged on Monday in perhaps the frankest terms yet by Mario Draghi, the banks president  that the euro zone is at risk of sliding into deflation, a downward price spiral that can ultimately destroy corporate profits and the ability of businesses to hire.

The deflation danger comes amid a credit crisis, a persistent banking problem and a citizenry angry at the slow pace of recovery, as gains by anti-euro political parties in elections to the European Parliament have vividly demonstrated.

Expectations run high that the central bank will take some sort of action when its governing council meets on June 5. The annual inflation rate, at 0.7 percent, remains well below the central banks target of close to 2 percent. But what the officials will do next week is still something of a mystery, and many economists question whether new measures would have any meaningful impact, given that the bank has already cut its benchmark interest rate close to zero.

Mr. Draghi said in unusually direct terms on Monday that there was a risk the euro zone could become caught in the trap of falling prices, a classic deflationary cycle that would require large-scale purchases of bonds or other assets to reverse. The statement may have been part of an attempt by Mr. Draghi to prepare the ground for controversial and exceptional measures.

What we need to be particularly watchful for at the moment is the potential for a negative spiral to take hold between low inflation, falling inflation expectations and credit, in particular in stressed countries, Mr. Draghi said in a speech that opened the two-day conference.

But Mr. Draghi also said there was still doubt about whether deflation was on the horizon. And he indicated that members of the banks governing council, many of whom are also at the conference, were still debating what would be the right response to a combination of falling prices, tight bank credit and uneven growth.

The conference, a first-time event modeled on a similar gathering organized annually in Jackson Hole, Wyo., by the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, is partly an attempt to tap the collective wisdom of leading economists. The conference has been in the works for months, so the timing just before what now looms as a crucial meeting for the bank is a coincidence. But as a result, it has turned out to be a less-relaxed exchange of views than organizers had imagined.

Our ability to detach from the pressures of the moment has been less than we thought, Mr. Draghi said somewhat ruefully.

The specter of deflation threatens to undermine the weak economic recovery in the euro zone. Although some crisis-plagued countries, like Spain, are growing again, unemployment remains at 11.8 percent in the euro zone, just below a record high. Many other countries, most notably Italy, are still in recession and have only just begun the work of making their economies more competitive.

Despite its limitations, the central bank has the advantage of being the one euro zone institution able to move quickly.

We always look at central bankers and say, Can you fix it?' Jeroen Dijsselbloem, president of the Eurogroup organization of finance ministers, said during a panel discussion on Monday. 'Put some cheap money out there. But when you look at the situation, there is no quick fix.

Speakers at the conference offered no immediate solutions. On the contrary, some fretted that additional powers already granted to the central bank are flawed. For example, they raised questions about its new role as a bank supervisor in the euro zones so-called banking union, which gives it more tools to clean up the banking system.

Yet Martin Hellwig, director of the Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods in Bonn and an influential economist, said the central bank still did not have all the tools it needed to deal with failed commercial banks. That is the elephant in the room, Mr. Hellwig said. We need a viable resolution regime and we dont have it.

Expectations that the bank will take some form of action on June 5 have been raised by a flurry of statements in recent weeks by Mr. Draghi and by other members of the governing council indicating that they were prepared to take further steps to stimulate the euro zone economy.

Deflation, which has afflicted Japan for years, is considered particularly pernicious because once it sets in, it is difficult for policy makers to reverse. Expectations of falling prices cause people to delay big purchases, which in turn undercuts corporate profits and makes businesses reluctant to hire.

A too prolonged period of inflation below current expectations, Mr. Draghi said, would call for a more expansionary stance, which would be the context for a broad-based asset purchase program.

Many economists have urged the central bank to emulate the United States Federal Reserve and buy large quantities of government bonds and other assets to pump money into the economy.

But most analysts do not expect the European Central Bank to announce asset purchases when the council meets next week. More likely, analysts say, would be a cut of the benchmark interest rate to 0.15 percent from 0.25 percent, coupled with a so-called negative deposit rate that would charge lenders for parking money at the central bank.

A negative deposit rate would tend to push down the value of the euro against the dollar and other currencies, because investors would earn little or no return on euros. In his speech on Monday, Mr. Draghi said the increase in the euros value against the dollar since 2011 had driven down the price of commodities like fuel in euro terms, contributing to low inflation.

Mr. Draghi also hinted that the central bank might take steps to encourage banks to lend more. He cited data showing that even profitable companies in Spain and Portugal have trouble getting bank loans. A quarter of Spanish firms and one-third of Portuguese firms face credit constraints, Mr. Draghi said, compared with only 1 percent in Germany and Austria.

There has been speculation that the European Central Bank might issue cheap loans to euro zone banks, with strings attached to ensure they lend the money to businesses rather than invest in government bonds, as has happened in the past.

The governing council is still debating what action to take, Mr. Draghi indicated. But all the members  the central bank governors of the 18 countries in the euro zone and the six members of the central banks executive board  agree that inflation is too low, he said.

There is no debate about our goal, Mr. Draghi said, which is to return inflation toward 2 percent in the medium term.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>That Trail of Crumbs Ends at the Minivan</title>
<text>
Review: 2014 Honda Odyssey: A Shop-Vac that retails for $45,280? Fortunately, a new 2014 Honda Odyssey Touring Elite van is included. Tom Voelk discovers that the built-in vacuum has the power to keep up with 5-year-old twins.

WOLFEBORO, N.H.  When it came time to update its popular Odyssey minivan for 2014, Honda opted not to make a clean sweep: it just tidied up around the edges.

Exterior changes to the fourth-generation van are so subtle they practically fall into the if you say so category, and the body sides retain a distinctive but polarizing character line that Honda calls the lightning bolt.

While Honda has added some convenience features, it devoted much of its attention to improved crash safety. And, in keeping with the times, it has raised the fuel efficiency a bit on some versions.

But the big attention-grabber is an addition that Honda claims to be an industry first, and one it is heavily promoting in its advertising and marketing of the new Odyssey: a built-in vacuum cleaner intended to appeal to parents of small children, pet owners and the terminally sloppy.

Called the HondaVac, it was developed in conjunction with the Shop-Vac Corporation and is tucked into the left bulkhead of the rear cargo area. Its hose stretches  barely  to the farthest reaches of the interior.

I tested the top-of-the-line EX-L Touring Elite, which for $45,280 included the HondaVac and just about everything else short of the kitchen sink. The base LX model starts at $29,655.

My brother, visiting from Ohio, used the integrated vacuum to easily clean up dog hair. I stretched the hose to the front footwells to suck up some gravel tracked in from the driveway.

Alhough Honda did not completely re-engineer the Odyssey, it made significant structural changes to enhance front-end crash protection. The Odyssey uses the second generation of Hondas A.C.E. body structure (for Advanced Compatibility Engineering), which includes high-strength steel.

Honda credits this reinforced structure for helping most of its new models get the top grade in the new, more stringent small-overlap crash test that the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety began conducting last year. The new Odyssey scored the highest rating, Good; because it also received Good ratings in the institutes other crash tests, it received the highest overall designation, Top Safety Pick+.

No other minivans have yet been subjected to the small-offset test.

In another effort to improve passenger safety, Honda changed the design of the side curtain air bags so that they extend farther forward.

All models now have a rearview camera, and trim levels starting with the midlevel EX-L get forward-collision and lane-departure warning systems. These provide visual and audible alerts if sensors detect an impending crash or if the vehicle strays from its lane.

Honda has also included blind-spot monitors. The Touring Elite that I tested flashes warnings on the housing of the side-view mirrors if a car is detected in the blind spots. Other trim levels get the Honda LaneWatch that first appeared on the Accord: it incorporates a tiny camera on the passenger-side mirror that displays a view down the vans right side on the center dashboard screen.

The engine is essentially the same as last years, a 3.5-liter V-6 that makes 248 horsepower. But all versions now come with a 6-speed automatic transmission. Previously, all but the top two trim lines had 5 speeds.

The 2014 Odyssey is rated 19 m.p.g. in the city and 28 on the highway, up 1 m.p.g. in either driving mode over the old 5-speed. The Odyssey continues to have a mileage advantage over its main competitors, the Toyota Sienna (rated 18/25) and the Chrysler Town & Country and Dodge Grand Caravan (17/25).

My best real-world mileage in the 2014 Odyssey was 26.7 m.p.g. on a 214-mile round trip with just one passenger. My worst was 21 m.p.g. on a 180-mile round-trip from northern New Hampshire to this town on Lake Winnipesaukee with six people on board.

Over all, the Odyssey works well as a family room on wheels. It is spacious and seats up to eight. Even adults as tall at 6-foot-4 can sit comfortably in the third row without making passengers in the second-row seats  which slide forward and back for legroom adjustments  suffer.

The Odyssey is reasonably quiet on most road surfaces for such a big, boxy vehicle, and the ride is comfortable.

My one gripe continues to be the steering. Heading into a turn is a good time for steering to have some weight and feel. But thats precisely when the Odysseys steering feel seems to get lighter and gives up communicating anything to the driver.

The navigation system had some quirks. If you decide to deviate from the mapped route, it does not give up and recalculate as quickly as some others do. And twice it told us that we had arrived several miles before our true destinations, one of which was a major hotel.

In recent years, although the Odyssey has not been the No. 1 minivan in J. D. Powers Initial Quality or Vehicle Dependability studies, it has come in second to various competitors. According to ALG, a company that estimates the future value of leased vehicles, the Odyssey is likely to retain more value after three years than any other minivan.

Even though it has some minor flaws and the vacuum could be considered gimmicky, Honda is doing something right. Although the Sienna has a more powerful engine  and an all-wheel-drive option  and the Grand Caravan is less expensive, the Odyssey has been outselling its competition this year.

With families continuing their exodus to crossovers from vans  LMC Automotive says the minivan share of the vehicle market has slipped to 3.4 percent this year, from 8.5 percent in 1995  Honda is hoping a gee-whiz gimmick like the vacuum will generate some new customers.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Something New, Something Old</title>
<text>
WHAT IS IT? The fanciest of Toyotas redesigned full-size pickups.

HOW MUCH? $49,715 as tested, including such options as 20-inch wheels ($220); blind-spot monitor ($470); running boards ($345) and bed liner ($365). The least expensive Tundra is $26,915 for a regular cab with a V6 and 2-wheel drive.

WHAT MAKES IT RUN? 5.7-liter V8 rated at 381 horsepower and 401 pound-feet of peak torque. Six-speed automatic.

IS IT THIRSTY? Yes: The E.P.A. rating is 13 m.p.g. in the city and 17 on the highway.

In the early 1990s, when it became clear that Toyota was developing a full-size pickup, the assumption was that Detroits automakers were in for more trouble: Their sales of highly profitable trucks would suffer, just as they had already given up a big chunk of the car market to the Japanese.

But that didnt happen. And there is nothing about the new Tundra to suggest that Detroit needs to start worrying now.

For 2014 the Tundra has received its first extensive revamping since the 2007 model year.

This was expected to be a significant upgrade of Toyotas big truck, girded for battle against new competition from Ram and General Motors. But all three engines (a 4-liter V6, a 4.6-liter V8 and a 5.7 liter V8) are carried over, and even a news release couldnt bolster the enthusiasm to say more than that they are among the segments most capable.

The frame is also carried over, and Toyota talks about suspension enhancements rather than a new design.

What has changed is the look, which Toyota describes as more chiseled and robust, including a new grille with a proliferation of thick chrome bars. The interiors are new, and there is now a top-of-the-line 1794 edition that tries  with some success  to blend cowboy style with English leather appointments. The climate and radio controls are easier to reach, and the rear legroom (42.3 inches) is significantly more than the Silverados or Rams, though about an inch less than the Ford F-150s.

The significance of 1794? Thats the founding date of the ranch where Toyotas San Antonio truck plant is.

The only pickup bed for the four-door CrewMax is still the so-called short bed, which is five feet, five inches long. G.M., Ram and Ford offer crew cabs with beds that are a foot longer.

The biggest disappointment with the Tundra comes when you drive it. The steering is so over-assisted that the driver feels little connection to the road; a series of turns are consecutive acts of faith. JohnStramotas, the Tundras product planner, said in an interview that the change was made after owners of the previous trucks complained that the steering was too heavy.

On crowned roads the Tundra rocks from side to side in a potentially nauseating motion known as head toss, although in the worst case cookie toss might be accurate. The side-to-side motion was far more severe than it was in either a Ram or Silverado driven on the same roads.

The CrewMax that I tested had the 5.7-liter V8 and 6-speed automatic, a combination that is adequate but not as fuel-efficient as Chevys 5.3-liter V8. The 4-wheel-drive Tundra test truck was rated 3 m.p.g. lower in the city than that Chevy and 5 less on the highway.

The Tundras 4-wheel drive is a part-time system intended only for use on slippery surfaces. And, as with the previous generation, selecting 4-wheel drive disables the stability control, which is most valuable in slippery conditions.

To its credit, the Tundra has amassed many awards for reliability and quality, and Toyota is the only automaker to cite a verifiable SAE International standard for tow ratings  the max remains 10,400 pounds  rather than asking consumers to have faith in whatever numbers theyve calculated through their own methods.

Toyota sold about 100,000 Tundras last year. That compares with about 418,000 Silverados and just over 645,000 F-Series, although G.M. and Ford sell more vehicles to fleets, and their numbers include heavy-duty models that Toyota does not offer.

In an email, Jeff Schuster, senior vice president at LMC Automotive, said Toyota had experienced substantial growth and success with the Tundra. But, he said, they remain a fringe player in the segment.

And if the 2014 redesign sends a message to Detroit, its probably just this: no worries.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Chinese Real Estate Developers Take the Lead on New York Projects</title>
<text>
China-based businesses and investors have been buying into New York City condominiums, hotels and office towers for years, but more recently, these firms have stepped up to take the lead on several major city developments.

Current projects in Manhattan and Brooklyn, including a full-block condo complex in South Williamsburg, are being headed by Chinese businesses, which until now have mostly invested alongside American companies, be it in new or existing buildings.

Perhaps the highest profile project involves the Greenland Group, which is based in Shanghai and is an arm of the citys government. Greenland ventured into its first New York project when it bought a 70 percent stake in much of the residential portion of Brooklyns Atlantic Yards project from Forest City Ratner for $200 million. The site is also home to Barclays Center.

The deal between Greenland and Forest City still awaits approval from the Chinese government, Forest City officials say, though they added that the federal government in this country has agreed to allow it.

Specifically, the Treasury Departments Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which reviews deals that could involve foreign entities taking control of American businesses, signed off on it this spring, said Joe DePlasco, a Forest City spokesman. He said Forest City was not required to file with the committee but did so out of an abundance of caution.

Mr. DePlasco added that Greenland would be an active development partner and not just an investor, which means that it would help build about 6,000 units, or 4,100 rentals and 1,500 condos across 14 buildings, though it is not involved in the construction of the modular 363-unit rental tower going up on the site now. Critics have said that Forest City is taking too long to complete the housing portion of the Atlantic Yards project.

Meanwhile, in Manhattan, China Vanke, Chinas largest residential developer, is engaged in its first New York project in partnership with RFR Holding to build a new 61-story condo at 610 Lexington Avenue. The slender white tower, which was designed by Norman Foster, the British architect, will be constructed on a long-empty site that once held a YWCA, next to the RFR-owned Seagram Building. The condo broke ground in February.

But the Chinese-led project that is farthest along, and perhaps the boldest of the bunch because it is a solo effort, is the condo in Brooklyn called Oosten, at 429 Kent Avenue, between South Eighth and South Ninth Streets.

Offering 216 homes surrounding a courtyard, Oosten is the first-ever ground-up American project from the Xin Development Group International, an arm of Xinyuan Real Estate Company, the major Chinese home-building firm. And Xin has not teamed with other developers or investors for the $250 million undertaking, which will have a mix of apartments and townhouses, according to Ryan Black, the firms director of development.

Oosten (pronounced OH-stin), is the Dutch word for east, which is a nod to New Yorks Dutch origins and the fact that the condo sits east of Manhattan, and near the East River, according to its developers. Also, Piet Boon, Oostens architect, is from the Netherlands. And just as in English, east in Dutch is shorthand for Asia, which honors the developers home  and which may help lure Chinese buyers.

Oostens most intriguing move may be its attempt to put a stylish stamp on a rough-edged industrial area south of the Williamsburg Bridge that has seen little in the way of major residential construction since the Schaefer Landing condo-and-rental complex went up across the street a decade ago.

There, sidewalks are more likely to be lined with graffiti than any trendy single-origin coffee shops, meaning the area has a much different look and feel from Williamsburgs more settled sections, which Mr. Black acknowledges. Condos in general are also rare in this part of the neighborhood.

But, he says, Oosten, which will offer 13,860 square feet of landscaped open space at its center, is embracing its on-the-sidelines location. Williamsburg has sort of evolved like the meatpacking district, Mr. Black said, referring to the once-gritty neighborhood in Manhattan.

Living there used to be fun, and then it became too hip, too touristy, he said. Being in the middle of it is not always the best place to be.

Xin isnt the first developer to try to colonize the two-acre site, which for decades was part of a Schaefer beer brewery that closed in 1976.

During the last boom, the North Development Group, a local firm, had planned to build apartment buildings there and got as far as pouring foundations, but the firm later defaulted on a loan for the project and ultimately lost the site, according to Xin officials. Xin bought it and its debt for $54 million in 2012.

But strings were attached to the property. A pre-existing deed restriction stipulated that the site could have only 216 units; also dictated was the height, at seven stories, and that courtyard.

Xin will also be responsible for reactivating the block of South Ninth Street that runs along the site, which had been closed to traffic for decades.

Wanting to boost the amount of outdoor space, and give more texture to the buildings facade, Xin actually decreased the average sizes of the units, while keeping the total the same, at 216, Mr. Black said.

The apartments, which will be completed by 2016, will nevertheless be hefty by New York standards. Though the smallest will be one-bedrooms, with 690 square feet, the largest will have six bedrooms; there will be four of those.

All units will feature hardwood floors, and limestone or marble baths, and apartments on the higher floors will enjoy East River views from this site, which is a block away from the waterfront. Oosten will also offer 15 townhouses, which will line the side streets and have underground garages.

Amenity-wise, a 55-foot pool will shimmer in the basement fitness center; a shallower, reflecting version will top a roof. There will also be a 90-space parking garage with spaces residents can lease separately.

But the complex wont be adding shops to its block, which sits near a housing project and empty factory buildings; a 10,000-square-foot community space is likely to be leased as an art gallery, Mr. Black said.

That garage will also be a place to stash bicycles, either in a shared room or in the private storage spaces accorded to each home. Making bicycle travel convenient was a priority for Mr. Boon, who lives in Amsterdam, where many pedal to get around.

In fact, the neighborhood, where sneakers were twisted on overhead cables on a recent afternoon, reminds Mr. Boon of the grittier parts of Amsterdams harbor area, he said.

Oosten apartments will have floor-to-ceiling windows to drink in the views, like his other New York project, Huys, at 404 Park Avenue South, a conversion of an office to a condo, where Mr. Boon installed extra glass. I think its important to get a lot of light, he said.

Unit prices, meanwhile, are competitive for the neighborhood, about $1,000 a square foot or starting at around $700,000 for one bedrooms, which brokers say is on par with South Williamsburg but below what Northside condos get.

Sales, which are being handled by Halstead Property, are supposed to kick off in June.

As for what kind of buyers will show up, Mr. Black expects them mostly to be American. So far, Chinese buyers who can afford properties at this price level and who are looking for pieds--terre in the city have gravitated to places like Midtown, which is near many tourist attractions.

Besides, Oosten doesnt have any of the studios that have been popular with Chinese investors, who turn around and rent them out, he added. Still, he admitted the condo will probably attract some overseas purchasers.

We have a strong presence in China, Mr. Black said. Of course were going to market there.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Federal Regulators Seek to Stop Sale of Students' Data</title>
<text>
Last month, ConnectEDU, a popular college and career planning portal in Boston that had collected personal details on millions of high school and college students, filed for bankruptcy.

Now federal regulators want to stop the company from selling off students names, email addresses, birth dates and other intimate information as assets.

In a letter sent Thursday to the bankruptcy judge in the case, Jessica L. Rich, the director of the bureau of consumer protection at the Federal Trade Commission, argued that such a sale would violate ConnectEDUs own privacy policy, a potentially deceptive practice.

The companys privacy policy states that, in the event of a sale of the company, it will give users reasonable notice and an opportunity to remove personally identifiable data from the service.

The ConnectEDU bankruptcy and potential sale of its databases come at a time of heightened concern over the bulk collection of student information by private education technology companies.

Over the last few years, a number of prominent education privacy experts, federal and state legislators, consumer advocates and parents have warned that the data-mining practices of educational technology firms are eclipsing longstanding federal protections for student information.

Information about teens is particularly sensitive and may warrant even greater privacy protections than those accorded to adults, Ms. Rich wrote in the letter. These users, as well as their parents, would likely be concerned if their information transferred without restriction to a purchaser for unknown uses.

ConnectEDU did not immediately respond to a voicemail message seeking comment. An email sent to press@connectedu.com resulted in an error message.

A federal law, called the Family Educational and Privacy Rights Act, or FERPA, generally requires schools to obtain consent from parents before sharing their childrens educational records. But an exception allows schools to outsource school functions  like school busing, or data storage and analysis  to outside companies.

Issues surrounding students rights to access and control their own personal information have become more prominent over the last few months.

Under fire from parents and privacy advocates, inBloom, a nonprofit student data repository largely financed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, announced last month that it was closing. Parents and privacy advocates had raised objections to its plans to collate and streamline disparate academic, attendance and disciplinary data on behalf of schools.

Google last month also announced month that it would halt ad-scanning in Gmail in its Google Apps for Education product, a response to scrutiny it received for scanning student email for potential targeting of advertisements.

And two weeks ago, two prominent federal senators announced that they intended to amend the education privacy law to give parents and their children greater control over the proliferation of students personal details.

The issues raised by the bankruptcy of ConnectEDU are likely to provide more ammunition for the senators effort to amend the law.

Founded in 2002, ConnectEDU developed college and career-planning sites where students could create personal listings; detail their academic achievements and interests; build resumes; and interact with teachers, mentors and potential employers.

It registered more than 20 million students as well as 5,000 educational institutions and 130,000 employers in 40 countries, according to the companys website. Among them, more than 140 schools and districts in Massachusetts signed up for a special state portal, developed by ConnectEDU, the site said.

In her letter to the bankruptcy judge, Ms. Rich of the F.T.C. recommended either that ConnectEDU give each student who had registered for its sites the choice to remove his or her personal records from company databases in advance of a sale - or that the company destroy the entirety of the personal details it had collected.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Read These Lips</title>
<text>
A KISS is nothing. On the sidewalks, in the park, I see one every few minutes, a real kiss, lip to lip. It barely registers. Its as unremarkable as a car horn in traffic, as an umbrella in rain.

And yet a kiss is everything. A kiss can stop the world.

The football player Michael Sam recently demonstrated as much. So did my experience last Sunday, in a Broadway theater, of all places.

I say of all places because a theater is a progressive environment, and this theater, on this night, was especially so. In the audience were many people whod participated hours earlier in the citys annual AIDS Walk, to which the performance was linked. And the performance was of Mothers and Sons, a Tony-nominated play about gay shame, gay pride and our steady march toward a less censorious society.

So it wasnt surprising, or shouldnt have been, when the woman in the seat beside mine stood to greet the woman who was belatedly joining her with a kiss, on the mouth, that lasted long enough to be unmistakably romantic.

Did you catch that? said my own companion.

I most definitely had. And while neither of us was scandalized, we were jolted nonetheless. We marveled  even in the middle of 2014, even on the cusp of a week in which Oregon and Pennsylvania joined the rapidly growing list of states to legalize same-sex marriage  that the couple could do this and would do this in front of so many witnesses, in a setting so public. Others around us had also taken note, their eyes lingering on the two women for a while.

Maybe marriage isnt the dividing line between equality and inequality, between getting full, reflexive acceptance from the world and getting a piecemeal, willed respect. Maybe that border is traced with kisses: with what Sam did and how those women said hello and the kind of reaction it elicits and whether it elicits any reaction at all.

Theres a rich history of the kiss as frontier. I was reminded of this a few days after the show, as I delved deeper into an excellent book that I happened to be reading, Pictures at a Revolution. Written by the journalist Mark Harris, it examines the changes convulsing Hollywood in the 1960s. Chunks of it focus on the trailblazing career of Sidney Poitier, and there were kisses on that trail, beginning with one in A Patch of Blue, a 1965 movie about a black mans friendship, blooming into love, with a young white woman.

The woman is blind, and its a measure of Hollywoods heavy-handedness at the time that she cant see the object of her affection: Racism is expunged only when skin color is literally erased. Whats more, Poitiers character isnt the agent of the kiss, which Harris identifies as the first of its kind in a big mainstream movie. The white woman initiates it, and it stuns him.

Even so, these fleeting seconds of A Patch of Blue were cut from the prints of the movie distributed in the South, Harris writes. This was two years before Loving v. Virginia, the Supreme Court decision that struck down the laws in many Southern states that banned interracial marriage.

In Guess Whos Coming to Dinner, released six months after Loving v. Virginia, Poitier again kisses a white woman. And its again presented in a manner that suggests its audacity  as a shadowy clutch in the rearview mirror of a taxicab whose driver isnt prepared for it.

In a famous episode of the television sitcom All in the Family in 1972, the black entertainer Sammy Davis Jr., playing himself, defiantly plants a kiss on the cheek of the white bigot Archie Bunker, who is visibly aghast. The kiss is the great equalizer, collapsing the distance between two people, leveling their altitudes. It makes them one and it makes them the same.

A kiss speaks volumes, even when it doesnt say precisely that. As Maureen Dowd noted in a 1984 story in The Times about Geraldine Ferraros historic selection as Walter Mondales running mate, Mondale was strenuously advised not to kiss her, lest he seem to treat her with less dignity and ceremony than he would a man. Sixteen years later, at the Democratic National Convention in 2000, it was a kiss  an exuberant, extravagant, somebody-please-get-them-a-room kiss  with which Al Gore communicated his passion for Tipper and his passion, period, to an electorate that needed to see it.

IN 1993, as a commentary on longstanding tensions between Jews and African-Americans in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, The New Yorker ran a cover illustration by Art Spiegelman of a white Hasidic man enfolding a black woman in a kiss. Many people were shocked.

Now its the gay kisses were all aflutter about. Theyve been a long time coming. Sandra Bernhard, who played a lesbian on the sitcom Roseanne in the 1990s, remembers hearing a director yell Cut! as she and the actress Morgan Fairchild stood facing each other under mistletoe and leaned in. The censors would not let us finish that kiss, Bernhard told me.

In a subsequent episode, there was indeed a woman-to-woman kiss, though not involving her. But across eight seasons of Will & Grace, there were just three man-to-man kisses, according to Max Mutchnick, one of the shows creators, and the paucity of kisses in Modern Family has been a sustained curiosity.

Gay characters who trade sass and sexual innuendo are safe. Public expressions of gay intimacy arent.

And theyre still rare enough that the initial, internal reaction that I and many other gay people had to the way Sam clutched and kissed his boyfriend on national TV wasnt exultation. It was alarm. Had he gone too far? Asked too much?

We reflexively feel in our core that someones going to get punched, and thats why we wince, said Mutchnick, 48, noting that he and I and so many gay people spent our youths and maybe portions of our adult lives walking on eggshells, speaking in whispers.

Those eggshells cling. I still sometimes feel panic when my partner, meeting me in a restaurant, gives me a perfunctory kiss on the lips. And yet I feel robbed  wronged  if I sense that an awareness of other peoples gazes and a fear of their judgment are preventing him from doing that.

We shouldnt be bound that way, and on the day of the pro football draft, in front of the cameras, Sam rightly declared that he wasnt. He did so with a gesture at once humdrum and heroic, a gesture that connects everyone who has been in love and affirms what every love shares: physical tenderness, eye-to-eye togetherness. It was something to behold. It was something to hold on to.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Lila, Lila Stars Daniel Brhl as an Impostor</title>
<text>
A recent surge in cachet for Daniel Brhl  he played the methodical Formula One driver Niki Lauda in Rush and the sniper turned movie star in Inglourious Basterds  hasnt quite blown the dust off Lila, Lila, a glossy trifle released in 2009 in Germany thats belatedly opening in New York.

Mr. Brhl plays David Kern, a shy waiter who finds a manuscript in a night stand he has purchased from a flea market. Passing the book off as his own, David uses it to woo a literature student, Marie (Hannah Herzsprung), who seems interested exclusively in men of letters.

After Marie submits the work to a publisher, the novel  which, from excerpts, sounds mawkish and trite  is hailed as the end of postmodernism and Anna Karenina for the Internet generation. David must now contend with awkward reading appearances (hes unable to pronounce words he ostensibly wrote) and the perils of fame. And thats before Jacky Stocker (Henry Hbchen), a man who claims to be the real author, starts turning up, introducing himself to others as Davids mentor and agent. As the basis for a bittersweet comedy, this material is right up there with Cape Fear.

The stolen-authorship premise is popular, used by Woody Allen in both Bullets Over Broadway and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger. The 2012 drama The Words (starring Bradley Cooper) covers similar territory. But Lila, Lila fails to make witty use of the idea. The actors  the deft Mr. Brhl and the charming Ms. Herzsprung  add what levity they can.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Kate Bensons New Play at the Jam on Toast Festival</title>
<text>
The theater group New Georges describes its Jam on Toast festival as a performance gym for early-career playwrights and directors. Using that metaphor, its safe to say that Kate Benson and Lee Sunday Evans, collaborators on the spectacularly inventive A Beautiful Day in November on the Banks of the Greatest of the Great Lakes, are the kinds of people everyone else at the gym stares at with envy.

Ms. Benson, the playwright, is fearless and remarkably assured in this dizzyingly entertaining work, which the program describes as her first full production. And the direction of Ms. Evans unfurls it on the Dixon Place stage with wit and verve, conjuring the story  the preparation and serving of a gigantic family dinner  without so much as a salad plate in sight.

Three sisters named Cheesecake (Brooke Ishibashi), Cherry Pie (Heather Alicia Sims) and Trifle (Nina Hellman) are gathered at Cheesecakes house for an elaborate dinner, presumably on Thanksgiving. The guest list consists of their parents and their extended families, including an unseen horde of babies.

That may sound like a standard domestic-comedy setup, but not in Ms. Bensons hands. For one thing, she knows that everyone has been a part of such a dinner at some point, and that therefore no props are needed: The audience already has everything it needs in its collective memory, beginning with the image of the table, which is the subject of an elaborate opening debate involving whether it is big enough. And for another thing, she has two sportscasters (Dennis A. Allen II and Mike Iveson) call the action from a perch overlooking the house, an inspiration that is both hilarious and savvy, since large family dinners are so often thinly veiled competitions.

There is competition at this particular dinner, but where other writers would be tempted to let it take over the proceedings, Ms. Benson keeps it subtle for the most part. There are minor catastrophes, too, because no family in the history of families has ever gathered without a few.

And, since family dinners are microcosms of society and the world, there are heroes who step up to avert disaster, whether involving screaming infants or a missing gravy ingredient. But the real measure of this ingenious play is that Ms. Benson is not content to let the domestic dramatics play out to their natural, feel-good conclusion. She finishes with a flourish that is wholly unexpected, dark and yet weirdly touching in a demented cycle-of-life sort of way.

Not settling for the easy ending takes confidence, something this playwright seems to have in abundance.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Why We Travel: Photos From Times Readers</title>
<text>
Why We Travel: Photos From Times Readers</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>They Disprove Claims</title>
<text>
This was a puzzle where I had to make sense of the theme after I finished solving. That usually doesnt happen to me on Mondays but, hey, its a brand new week, and anything can happen here at Wordplay.

John Lieb is back and today he offers us some COUNTEREXAMPLES. The theme entries are not actually counters to any original examples, mind you; theyre examples of jobs where people might be called upon to count things: the HOME PLATE UMPIRE counts balls, the BANK MANAGER counts money, the BLACK JACK PLAYER counts cards, and the CENSUS TAKER counts people.

I liked that all four of the theme entries and the reveal at 58 Across are unique and making their debuts today. The crunchy ZAGAT and PRATFALL make their debuts today as well.

As a high school math teacher, I use the word counterexample fairly regularly, but the idea for using the word as the basis for a puzzle theme struck as I was being a student, taking a grad school math class this past summer. Sitting in a lecture, trying to track a proof that was a bit out of my reach, the mention of counterexample set my mind in a different direction, and I started trying to come up with people that count for a living (likely not the kind of thing my students daydream about). Realizing that counterexamples was 15 letters long made me intensify my efforts, and I lucked out by finding two other 15-letter examples and then two 11-letter examples. Getting two words to cross three theme entries made filling the grid a little easier, and I enjoyed the changes Will made to many of my clues, as Im still trying to find the sweet spot of easy but interesting clues for a Monday puzzle. As I was constructing the puzzle, I was inspired by my first, and perhaps the ultimate, counterexample, a certain denizen of Sesame Street. Poking around the Internet, I found this clip from the late 80s, in which I greatly enjoyed seeing the confluence of Count von Count, New York and being a 17-Across.

Speaking of PRATFALLs, Ive always liked to think that Chevy Chase was the heir apparent to Buster Keaton when it came to physical comedy. Mr. Chase turned the occasional slip by one of our most physically adept presidents  a former college football player  into one of the funniest shticks of the 1970s. Lets watch a clip of some of the best presidential impersonators in recent history:

For the record, I also loved Vaughn Meader as John F. Kennedy.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Are Our Political Beliefs Encoded in Our DNA?</title>
<text>
In December 2008, The New York Times Magazine reported on the emerging science of genopolitics.

Biuso was among the first to talk about what has become a bitter dispute within the study of politics, a dispute in which the stakes are high and the potential consequences significant.

 

 On one side of the debate are those like James Fowler, a professor of medical genetics and political science at the University of California, San Diego, and Darren Schreiber, a political scientist at U.C.L.A who point out, in a 2008 article in Science, that

The authors go on to argue:

Representing the other side of the debate are Evan Charney at Duke and William English at Harvard, who contend that genopolitical analyses produce absurdly high estimates of heritability of behavior.

Working somewhere between the two extremes are political scientists who are engaged in innovative, if more traditional, research. In the spirit of inquiry, I e-mailed a few more mainstream professors of government to get their opinion about this new line of scholarship.

Gary Jacobson, of the University of California, San Diego, wrote in an e-mail:

Peter K. Hatemi, a professor of political science, microbiology and biochemistry at Penn State, is a leader in the field of genopolitics. Writing with 16 colleagues in a forthcoming paper, Hatemi summarizes results from analyses of a combined sample of over 12,000 twins pairs, ascertained from nine different studies conducted in five Western democracies (Australia, Hungary, Denmark, Sweden, and the U.S.A.), sampled over the course of four decades:

In a carefully worded conclusion, Hatemi and his collaborators make it clear that their findings should not be over-interpreted or used to draw causal linkages.

Some of the outcomes of genopolitical research are intriguing. Late last year Hatemi and Rose McDermott of Brown University published The Genetics of Politics: Discovery, Challenges and Progress. Their paper includes a chart  Summary of relative genetic and environmental influences on political traits, reproduced here in Figure 1  which is based on findings from all reported twin and kinship studies which provided estimates of genetic and environmental influences on political traits from 1974-2012. The chart illustrates the authors estimate of the relative proportion of genetic (purple) and environmental (green) influences, and the level of combined (brown) genetic and environmental influences.

How much does the question of whether our political leanings might be underpinned by our biology really matter?

In an e-mail to The Times, John Alford of Rice and John Hibbing of the University of Nebraska make the argument that genetically inherited political predispositions are reinforcing contemporary polarization between Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives.

Fissures in the polity now match divisions in peoples biology, Alford and Hibbing write, noting that the shift

Hatemi and McDermott, working with Lindon Eaves of the departments of human genetics and psychiatry at Virginia Commonwealth, see a substantially greater degree of complexity. In their 2012 paper, Its the End of Ideology as We Know It, they write:

While genopolitics is in its infancy, proponents have succeeded in getting articles published in highly respected, peer-reviewed journals including the American Journal of Political Science, Science, Political Behavior and the Journal of Theoretical Politics. At least five journals have devoted entire issues to the subject.

Much of the debate over the legitimacy of genopolitics has been conducted in the pages of the American Political Science Review, which as early as 2005 published one of the first articles on the subject: Are Political Orientations Genetically Transmitted? by Alford, Hibbing and Carolyn L. Funk of Virginia Commonwealth University.

In seeking to answer questions regarding the balance of environmental versus gene-based influences, a bit of eye-glazing prose is in order. The 2005 Alford-Hibbing-Funk paper used twin studies to estimate the heritability of political traits. They describe their methodology as follows:

The American Psychological Association separately describes twin studies in more user-friendly language:

Twin studies notwithstanding, biologically underpinned approaches to the study of politics are hardly going unchallenged. Charney and English published a major critique of genopolitics, Candidate Genes and Political Behavior, in the February 2012 issue of the American Political Science Review. In an e-mail, Charney listed some of the weaknesses he sees in this particular experimental arena. First, he writes:

Charney goes on to argue:

Hatemi, one of the objects of Charneys criticism, is aware of the issues English and Charney raise, and continues to wrestle with them. In his e-mail to me, Hatemi wrote:

Jacobson of the University of California, who believes that the work of Hatemi, McDermott, Fowler, Alford, Hibbing and others is producing valid results, poses the key question:

If genopolitical analysis holds up under continued scrutiny, its explanatory potential is enormous. Not only can the field add to the understanding of polarization and the sources of conflicts that have now shut down the federal government, but analyses like these might also shed light on the logic of, say, supporting abortion rights while opposing the death penalty, or opposing food stamps giveaways while supporting subsidies to agribusiness.

With so much riding on political outcomes  from default on the national debt to an attack on Syria to attitudes toward climate change  understanding key factors contributing to the thinking of elected officials and voters becomes crucial. Every avenue for understanding human behavior should be on the table: How do we evaluate our goals? How should we judge trade offs? And just how do we actually make decisions?</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Kinky Boots, the Harvey Fierstein-Cyndi Lauper Musical</title>
<text>
Anatomy of a Number: 'Kinky Boots': Jerry Mitchell talks about directing and choreographing the song "Everybody Say Yeah" from the new Broadway musical by Harvey Fierstein (book) and Cyndi Lauper (music and lyrics).

Cyndi Lauper knows how to work a crowd. Making her Broadway debut as a composer with Kinky Boots , the new musical that opened on Thursday night at the Al Hirschfeld Theater, this storied singer has created a love- and heat-seeking score that performs like a pop star on Ecstasy. Try to resist if you must. But for at least the first act of this tale of lost souls in the shoe business, you might as well just give it up to the audience-hugging charisma of her songs.

Kinky Boots, with a book by Harvey Fierstein and directed by Jerry Mitchell, is a reminder that you dont always have to be a masochist to enjoy being smashed by a steamroller. From the outset, this show comes rushing at you head-on, all but screaming: Love me! Love me! Its a shameless emotional button pusher, presided over  be warned  by that most weary of latter-day Broadway archetypes, a strong and sassy drag queen who dispenses life lessons like an automated fortune cookie.

Yet, for a good while, Kinky Boots manages to ride over the skeptical grumbling of your conscious mind. That has a lot to do with Ms. Lauper (who, though she did appear on Broadway in the 2006 Threepenny Opera, is not in this show). From the time she soared to fame with the album Shes So Unusual in 1983, Ms. Lauper has been known as the ultimate tough but vulnerable misfit, bright and hard on the outside but with a sweet and melting center. Unlike her more commercially savvy coeval Madonna, Ms. Lauper has held on to the same goofy image throughout her career, and, equally unlike Madonna, she has always seemed to sing from the heart.

That sincerity comes through in Kinky Boots. So does the defiant quirkiness that made even Ms. Laupers gooier recordings palatable. The leading players here  notably Stark Sands, Billy Porter and Annaleigh Ashford  pick up on the trademark Lauper mix of sentimentality and eccentricity, but each makes it his or her own.

Under Mr. Mitchells precise and affectionate direction, they do what you want performers in musicals to do: they define specific characters by the way they sing and move. From their entrances, the cast members build up a bank of good vibrations. This is fortunate, since well need to cash in those vibes in the shows second half, when the preachier aspects of Mr. Fiersteins script take over, and all the clichs stand naked before you.

Inspired by the little-seen 2005 movie of the same title, Kinky Boots is assembled from plot parts that have shown up all too frequently during the past decades in shows that were also based on films. Like The Full Monty (choreographed by Mr. Mitchell) and Billy Elliot the Musical, it is set in a hard-times British factory town, where jobs are in jeopardy and spirits need lifting. Like La Cage aux Folles and Priscilla Queen of the Desert, it presents drag queens as the shows official spirit lifters.

And like Hairspray, the musical this production most resembles in tone, Kinky Boots is about finding your passion, overcoming prejudice and transcending stereotypes. Never mind that this plot formula has become a flaming stereotype all by itself.

In this case, the character in need of spiritual direction is Charlie Price (Mr. Sands), an heir to a venerable, money-hemorrhaging shoe factory in Northampton who longs to escape the provinces and join upwardly striving London with his status-conscious fiance, Nicola (Celina Carvajal).

But when the senior Price (Stephen Berger) dies, Charlie is forced to reinvent the business, its product and himself. His guide in this transformation? Lola (Mr. Porter), a strapping drag performer whom Charlie meets by chance. Its Lola who makes Charlie realize that theres an untapped niche market: cross-dressers who need well-made footwear.

Dont ponder the business logistics of this idea. In fact, it wont do to ponder much of anything in the plot. But the point is that during the first act, youre not allowed to ponder, as youre confronted with a dialectic that could happen only in musicals: provincial conservatives (thats Charlie and his employees) meet their antithesis, a troupe of flamboyant drag queens (thats Lola and her backup girls, the Angels). And the synthesis? Liberation and justice for all, along with the realization that though you cant judge a book by its cover, a cover with sequins and feathers is usually better than a plain one.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Peoples Choice Returns With Apps and Adele</title>
<text>
AS a car-buying choice, the Toyota Camry is like the ask the audience lifeline on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? The Camry, the best-selling car in America for 13 of the last 14 years, represents the wisdom of the crowd, a safe harbor for those who just arent that interested in cars.

Driving a Camry is akin to eating at a chain restaurant, drinking a Bud Light and watching the latest summer blockbuster. Sometimes you simply want to put your money on the known quantity without thinking too much about it.

And yet, just as beer snobs will try to foist their home-brew upon the contented light-beer drinker, I feel the quixotic urge to enlighten the Camry-driving masses to their more flavorful options.

People, have you seen the new Ford Fusion? It looks like an Aston Martin. How about a Kia Optima with a turbocharged engine and a 100,000-mile powertrain warranty? Are you aware of the Volkswagen Passat diesel? Off the top of my head, all three cars are more intriguing than the Camry. And yet, if there are so many other interesting choices, why is the Camry such a consistent sales monster?

The answer, as far as I can tell, is that the Camry excels at providing a soothing luxury experience for a moderate price. In fact, Toyota ruthlessly dropped prices for the redesigned 2012 models. The top-of-the-range 4-cylinder XLE starts at $25,535, almost $2,000 less than the 2011 price. The LE Hybrid, which now returns a combined federal fuel economy rating of 41 m.p.g., starts at $26,750. The most expensive model, the V6 XLE, barely nudges over $30,000. And those prices include two years of free maintenance.

Toyota managed to lower sticker prices in the midst of a redesign by postponing the expensive mechanical upgrades that define the competition: youll not find direct fuel injection, turbochargers or a diesel engine in the Camry lineup. The new Camry is much like the old Camry, its edges that much more fanatically buffed and chamfered in pursuit of frictionless competence.

I could fill the rest of this review simply enumerating all the places where Toyota added extra sound-deadening material. (But I wont.) And certainly, the Camrys stolid serenity implies that it must not be much of a stretch to transform the V-6 model into its Lexus-badged equivalent, the ES 350. But you know the news well is a bit dry when Toyota bothers to mention that the V-6 features a new, lower oil viscosity. My apologies if you just fell off your chair.

Perhaps the wildest change lies not under the hood, but in the dashboard, where Toyota offers its new Entune multimedia system. Entune connects your car to your smartphone, offering Bing, Pandora and other apps through the display screen.

I applaud the idea of integrating phones in such a way that they become less dangerous, but I have to wonder if a trick multimedia system is at odds with the demographic of Camry buyers. The segment of Camry drivers who confuse the gas pedal with the brake pedal  per the findings of the unintended acceleration investigation  may well assume that pressing the Apps button causes a tray of jalapeo poppers to slide out of the dashboard.

Entune apps are free for three years, after which Toyota figures it will charge $5 a month for apps and another $5 for data. I predict that in three years, there will be a lot of Entune-equipped Camrys with nonfunctional apps because the owners will resent paying a monthly service fee for programs that are free on their phones.

Toyota is so keen on apps that it has set up an iCamry Pandora station, which I sampled on my phone after the test drive. Based on that experience, it appears that Adele, whose silky laments dominate iCamry radio, is the musical equivalent of Toyotas marquee sedan. Given that Adele had the top-selling album last year, I suppose she is sort of the Camry of pop music. I give Toyota credit  it stays on message.

If it seems as if Im spending a lot of time contextualizing, thats because theres not a whole lot of news about the driving experience. The 178-horsepower 4-cylinder is reasonably smooth and certainly powerful enough to suit most customers. The chunky four-spoke leather-wrapped steering wheel feels good in your hands, and the updated dash materials look nice, although the integrated sewn-in-place rear head restraints are an obvious cost-cutting measure. As for all that work reducing the noise quotient, if you told me the Japanese-market Camry were named the Serenity CloudDriver 2.5, Id believe you.

I didnt sample the V-6, but at a gas station, a Camry driver at an adjacent pump called over and commented on the 4-cylinder XLE that I was fueling. Hed just bought a V-6 version, which he told me was exceedingly rapid. I was surprised  not that the 268-horsepower V-6 is fast, but that Camry drivers talk to one another.

I also sampled the Hybrid, which strikes me as the killer deal of the lineup. Toyota says the Camry Hybrid, with 200 combined gas-electric horsepower, does a 0-to-60 sprint in 7.6 seconds, making it faster than the conventional 4-cylinder while returning a fantastic 43 miles per gallon in the Environmental Protection Agencys city cycle.

Theres even an E.V. mode, wherein the driver can rely on the nickel-metal-hydride batteries alone for as much as 1.6 miles. But youll need to really tiptoe through the country club to keep the gas engine from firing up, as I discovered when an injudicious throttle foot prompted the gauge cluster to scold me with the message, E.V. mode deactivated: excessive acceleration. Lets just say that the Camry and I have differing ideas about what constitutes excessive acceleration.

Across the board, the 2012 Camry offers worthwhile improvements to its predecessor, especially with the price. But at some point Toyota might begin worrying that its been optimizing its propellers while everyone else is building jets.

The Fusion, for example, will offer lithium batteries for the new hybrids (one of them a plug-in), stop-start systems, direct injection and small-displacement turbocharged motors. None of these features is on the Camrys horizon anytime soon.

Once upon a time, Honda and Toyota had an easy time dominating the midsize sedan market. The Americans were indifferent, the Koreans amateurish, the Germans too expensive. Now Ford and General Motors are going in guns ablaze with the Fusion and Malibu, Hyundai and Kia are raising their game with every redesign and Volkswagen has repositioned the Passat to go after the meat of the market. The Camry enjoys the momentum conferred by the best-seller title, but even disinterested car buyers will eventually punish year-to-year stasis. (See: mid-1990s Ford Taurus.)

The Camrys historic excellence has forced Toyotas competitors to go back to the drawing board and rethink their strategies. I suspect that sooner rather than later, Toyota will do the same.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Rent-Regulated Tenants Excluded From Amenities</title>
<text>
When a playroom opened in Michael Reillys Upper West Side building two years ago, he asked the concierge for a key to the space so his toddler could play there. The concierges answer stunned him: It was out of bounds to him and his child.

Mr. Reillys building, the Windermere West End, a luxury rental, is one of several in the city that prohibit rent-regulated tenants from using new services like gyms, playrooms and rooftop gardens. Some co-op and condo buildings have similar restrictions.

Developers say amenities are a marketing tool to lure high-paying tenants. And they say rent-regulation rules make offering them to such tenants problematical.

But advocates for tenants view the policies as ways to demoralize people who pay less than the going rate and to not too subtly encourage them to move elsewhere. Although there is no data on how widespread the practice is, both sides agree that it is on the rise.

Now, lawmakers are pushing for legislation to curb the practice.

We were the only ones with a kid who was age-appropriate and that was just mean, said Mr. Reilly, a personal trainer and actor who pays $1,250 a month for the studio apartment he shares with his wife and son. But Ive got stuff to do and a life to live, so I just laughed.

New York Citys disparities in wealth have long played out in the citys housing. Its not uncommon for a luxury tower to rise within throwing distance of a low-income development. Mayor Bill de Blasio was elected on a platform that derided income inequality and the dwindling availability of affordable housing. His tale of two cities theme appears to also exist within buildings.

In recent years, developers who have earned tax credits by promising to provide affordable housing have built luxury condos with separate entrances and lobbies for the affordable rental units. The so-called poor door makes it easier to restrict who gets access to amenities. Last summer, 40 Riverside Boulevard, a luxury condo rising on the Upper West Side, drew criticism for a design in which low-income tenants enter through a separate door and do not share amenities with owners.

The city has just begun to wake up and see that if we dont act, this is going to be an increasing problem, said Mark Levine, a member of the New York City Council who represents part of the Upper West Side. He is drafting legislation with Corey Johnson, another West Side council member, to expand the citys anti-discrimination code to include rent-regulated tenants.

Last February, tenants gathered in the community room of Stonehenge Village, an Upper West Side rental complex, to hear about its new gym. Management explained that only market-rate tenants  fewer than 40 percent of the residents  would have access, said Jean Green Dorsey, the president of the tenant association.

I had a room full of people going crazy, said Ms. Dorsey, who has lived in the building since 1972 in a rent-stabilized unit. I had to regain control of the room and give people time to blow off some steam.

Ms. Dorsey pays $1,107 a month for a two-bedroom with a terrace and views of Harlem. Her front door is decorated with placards supporting President Obama and her living room is crammed with books and photographs. Ms. Dorsey, who is African-American and retired, describes herself as an activist. Soon after that February meeting, she called a press conference to deride Stonehenges decision.

Sitting at her dining-room table recently, a sketch of Malcolm X hanging behind her, she said, Nobody makes me a second-class citizen in my own home. I had thought that by the time I got to be classified as fragile elderly that I would not have to fight this fight.

At 230 Riverside Drive, a condo conversion on the Upper West Side, rent-regulated tenants cannot use the buildings gym and have limited access to storage areas. Its ridiculous to have a gym here that I cant use, said Sarah Denby, who lives in a rent-controlled one-bedroom with her husband, Walter Brotman, a building resident for 60 years. At one point I got so mad: I can store the bike in the bike room but I cant have a key. I have to return it right away or the doormen freak out. They absolutely flip out. They just besiege me.

Rent-regulated tenants are likely to be elderly or minorities, particularly in Manhattan, according to data provided by the New York University Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy. In 2011, 73.4 percent of market-rate renters in Manhattan were white and nearly 77 percent of market-rate owners were white. By comparison, only 47 percent of rent-regulated tenants in Manhattan were white. While fewer than 5 percent of market-rate tenants are seniors, nearly 20 percent of rent-regulated tenants are age 65 or older.

Rent-regulated tenants also earn less. In 2011, the median annual income of a rent-regulated tenant in Manhattan was $51,010 as opposed to $103,680 for a market-rate tenant, according to the Furman Center. So, in a diverse building, the restrictions could create a gym that is largely available only to the younger, wealthier white tenants.

Its a subtle form of harassment. It sends a message: Youre not as good as my tenants who pay more, said New York State Assemblywoman Linda Rosenthal, who introduced legislation requiring landlords to offer amenities to rent-regulated tenants. Ms. Rosenthal described Stonehenge Village as the tipping point in a growing problem.

Theres a slippery slope here, said Mark L. Joseph, a professor at Case Western Reserve University who has studied class tensions in mixed-income developments in Chicago. What if the next amenity to be created and kept exclusive is a snack bar, or a reading room, or a business and technology center?

Developers point to rules governing rent-regulated leases as a reason for restrictions. If a developer offers a gym to a rent-regulated tenant and later decides to remove it, the landlord would have to get permission from the Division of Housing and Community Renewal, the state agency that oversees rent rules. Otherwise, tenants could be entitled to a rent reduction and reinstatement of the service.

Developers contend that they build amenities like gyms to lure new market-rate renters, not to please existing rent-regulated ones. Stonehenge Partners, the owner of Stonehenge Village, spent $5 million upgrading the buildings systems and common areas. In a prepared statement issued in February, the developer said the new gym is aimed specifically at new and prospective tenants who expect certain amenities and incentives that are commonly available to market-rate renters.

At the Windermere, tenants living in the nearly 140 rent-regulated apartments have been barred from using the new spa with a pool, yoga studio and gym. As part of a $10 million renovation, Stellar Management is also adding a sky lounge, a bar and planters to the roof. Rent-regulated tenants, who pay about $1,000 a month for a one-bedroom, had socialized on the roof for years, but will no longer be allowed to use it when construction is complete.

We always had the roof, said Lisa Kirchner, a singer who lives at the Windermere in a studio apartment with no kitchen. She uses a hotplate in lieu of a stove and washes her dishes in the bathroom sink.

It just seems creepy, we dont live in a country club, said Heather Mac Rae, an actress and singer who has lived in the building for nearly 30 years.

Ms. Mac Rae moved in when the building was a residential hotel filled with artists, musicians and writers. I dont understand why management needs to make someone whos lived here her whole life feel worse than other people, she said. I get it, I understand it. Its about money. But where does that end?

The tenant association and Stellar Management are negotiating a settlement addressing amenities, rent and other issues. In a statement, Stellar Management wrote that it is working diligently with the tenant association to resolve these issues and our dialogue is ongoing."

For developers trying to maximize profits, the stakes are high. In 2011, the median rent for a rent-regulated apartment in Manhattan was $1,321 a month, compared with $2,696 for a market-rate apartment, according to the Furman Center. The payoff for a landlord if a tenant vacates a rent-regulated apartment can be huge, especially in buildings like the Windermere, where a two-bedroom was recently listed on Streeteasy for $7,177 a month.

The sponsor doesnt want the tenant to have access to additional luxury services, said Mark Zborovsky, a broker who sells bundles of rent-regulated apartments to investors. His goal is to get him out of the apartment.

The high cost of construction means developers often rely on public financing and tax breaks to build new luxury housing, either as rentals or as condos. In exchange, as many as 20 percent of the apartments must be set aside as affordable housing. Despite the financial benefit, developers worry that well-heeled buyers might be turned off by low-income neighbors.

You could have people who are unwilling to buy in a situation like that. Their attorney could say, I dont know what this could do to your property value, said David Von Spreckelsen, the president of Toll Brothers City Living, which built Northside Piers in Brooklyn, a luxury condo that placed low-income rentals in a separate building with no access to amenities. The two populations dont mix at all. It really feels separate, he added.

The policy was so successful that the company considered a similar plan at a development near the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn. Although Toll Brothers ultimately backed away from that deal, Mr. Von Spreckelsen said he would consider the arrangement for future projects.

And even withering criticism has not deterred Extell, the developer of 40 Riverside Boulevard. The current design still includes a separate entrance for the affordable units. Nothing has changed since this issue arose during the political season last fall, George Arzt, an Extell spokesperson, said in a statement referring to the timing of the brouhaha, which occurred shortly before the mayoral election.

Not all owners and tenants want to be separated from their rent-regulated neighbors. When Royal York, an Upper East Side co-op, built a gym in 2007, the co-op board let rent-regulated tenants use it for the same $375 annual fee. Were all part of a community, said Robert A. Scaglion, the co-op board president. We all see each other every day.

And Bruce E. Bernstein, a unit owner at 230 Riverside Drive, was dismayed when, last November, the condos board concurred with the sponsors policy that prohibited rent-regulated tenants from using the gym. Board minutes show that members were concerned about limited gym space and the potential for tenant law suits. The Olnick Organization, the owner of the rent-regulated units, declined comment, and board members did not respond to email requests for comment.

Its insulting. Its ridiculous, said Mr. Bernstein, 59, who was a rent-stabilized tenant in the building before he bought his one-bedroom in 2007. If its some special thing, then charge a fee. But dont damn them.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>First You Spend, Then You Save</title>
<text>
The psychology of saving fuel can get complicated, especially when it involves splurging to go from Point A to Point B.

Green luxury models  from the $75,000 Tesla Model S electric sedan to the $845,000 Porsche 918 Spyder plug-in hybrid  suggest that the wealthy can preen like Marie Antoinette while still waving the banner of energy independence and standing with the peasants in their Priuses.

The BMW 535d doesnt require quite that kind of royal ransom, but even a staunch proponent of diesel engines may notice the financial commitment required.

Yet that commitment has a payoff. Driven through a howling blizzard this winter in upstate New York, my 535d test car stoically chugged through drifting snow while returning 42 miles per gallon  4 m.p.g. better than the E.P.A. highway estimate.

High-mileage Euro-market diesels arriving in America include models from Audi, Chevrolet, Jeep, Mercedes, Porsche and Volkswagen. All have copious torque that makes up for their relatively modest horsepower. BMWs 3-liter vies with Audis 3-liter TDI as the most enthusiast-oriented of the bunch.

With an efficient twin-scroll turbocharger, the 6-cylinder engine spins freely to 6,000 r.p.m., an unusually high engine speed for a diesel. And its 255 horsepower tops that of every diesel rival. Combining 413 pound-feet of torque and a paddle-shifted automatic transmission with 8 efficient speeds, this 4,085-pound sedan races from 0 to 60 m.p.h. in just 5.8 seconds.

Adding all-wheel drive for $2,300 shaves that time to 5.7 seconds while trimming 1 m.p.g. from the highway rating, to 37.

And the diesel Bimmer feels even quicker than the numbers suggest, with peak torque arriving at a low 1,500 r.p.m. for right-now acceleration.

BMW has mildly updated the entire 5 Series lineup for 2014. Xenon headlamps are standard, with adaptive LEDs available. New contour lines wrap the twin-kidney grille. The front air intakes are bolder and the taillamps slimmer. An optional feature opens or closes the trunk with the wag of a foot under the rear bumper.

The 5 still melts over the road like butter on toast, even if its famously sporty handling has grown more aloof and Lexus-like.

In the cabin, BMW avoids fixing what isnt broken. For all the deserved acclaim heaped on the Cadillac CTS, BMWs all-day-supportive seats still whip the Cadillacs standard mush-buckets. Old-school analog drivers gauges are classic and legible.

The huge 10.2-inch display screen, whose iDrive control system adds a touchpad to its oversize rotary knob, is reasonably functional. But BMW needs better contrast for map displays that seem to run 50 shades of gray, to the point that I couldnt pick out the Hudson River on the map.

In other areas, the lock step familiarity of BMW cabins can breed contempt, especially in monochrome black versions. As BMWs prices migrate steadily north, its fair to ask: When are we going to see some new ideas and themes in its interiors?

In this 5 Series, the rough-textured leather managed to look dull even when brand-new. But nothing sullied the BMWs hard-won image like the aluminum hexagon trim, part of a $3,150 M Sport package. With its dimpled finish and tacked-on appearance, the stuff looks like 1970s lawn furniture. Buyers can choose wood that looks better.

The 535d had something else in common with BMWs Ive tested lately: Even at $66,425 out the door, the test car was notable for things it lacked, including a backup camera, parking sensors and even heated seats. Such features are standard, increasingly, on Chevys, Mazdas and Hyundais.

The upside is driving a car that combines Germanic muscle and assurance with small-car economy. Mash the gas, and after a half-beat of turbo lag, the 535d scoots with a muted rumble.

With its 18.5-gallon tank, the 535d can cover 700 highway miles between fill-ups. Fuel savings are bolstered by features like BMWs still-obtrusive engine stop-start function, a coasting mode, brake energy regeneration and an Eco Pro setting that optimizes settings for the throttle, transmission and climate control to maximize efficiency.

At $57,525 to start, the 535d costs $7,100 more than the most basic 5 Series, the 528i. But the diesel model handily beats the 23/34 m.p.g. rating of the 528i, which has a 4-cylinder 240-horsepower turbo gas engine.

In a more apples-to-apples performance comparison versus the 6-cylinder gasoline 535i, the diesel sets you back an extra $1,500.

According to the Energy Departments fueleconomy.gov site, the typical 535d owner will spend $2,000 a year on diesel fuel. That owner would save $200 a year versus the 4-cylinder 528i, $450 a year over the gasoline 535i and $950 a year compared with the 8-cylinder 550i.

Drive the 535d for three and a half years, and fuel savings will essentially make up for the extra $1,500 you spent. Either way, youve saved no real money, but you spent $65,000 on a 5 Series. Which proves that calculators arent much help when it comes to buying a BMW.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Shiny New Toy From Cadillac, Battery Included</title>
<text>
</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Pick a View, Any View</title>
<text>
When Nina Monte and Harvey Karp first met, at a party in 1992, she mistook him for a nanny. Here was this good-looking, ponytailed, hippy-ish guy telling me he took care of our hosts child, she said. It didnt occur to me he was a doctor.

Since then, Dr. Karp, a pediatrician, has become a best-selling author, hailed as a baby whisperer for his expertise in calming newborns and toddlers and promoting healthy sleep. But that evening, he was just an intriguing stranger who surprised her with his enthusiasm for the same obscure works of music, art and literature that she loved. Soon they began dating, and three years later, when they went looking for a house together, the element of surprise once again played a role.

The first property they saw was a modest 1961 home, perched on a steep hill in the Pacific Palisades section of Los Angeles. A chalet with wood-paneled interiors wasnt an obvious choice for two modernists, but once they crossed the threshold, they knew they had arrived. Along the street, you dont sense the enormous presence of the ocean, said Dr. Karp, now 62. Then you walk inside and suddenly you see it. Its mesmerizing.

They bought the 1,900-square-foot house and settled in with Ms. Montes daughter, Lexi, who was 12. We always said we were going to renovate next year, she said. Fifteen years later, we still hadnt done it.

During that time, they married, Lexi grew up and moved out, and Dr. Karp made a career change. In 2002, with the release of his first book, The Happiest Baby on the Block, he ended 27 years of pediatric practice to devote himself to educating parents on his calming techniques. He and Ms. Monte Karp (the surname she now uses) founded the Happiest Baby, a company that oversees this mission, and the couple became environmental activists.

We were too busy to renovate until the need pushed itself upon us, Dr. Karp said, referring to damage from a burst water heater, but then we saw the opportunity. It was their chance to have a modern home, exposing the views and their collection of works by Southern California artists like Charles Arnoldi, Alison Van Pelt and Ed Ruscha.

But there was a catch: Zoning codes protecting the coastal land prohibited adding height or enlarging the house more than few feet out front. And covenants protecting neighbors views meant the pitched roof couldnt be made flat without sacrificing the second story.

After a few false starts, they hired Patrick Tighe, an architect whose work ranges from housing to arts venues. Ms. Monte Karp, 51, a documentary filmmaker, said, We told Patrick we wanted modern, but not cold  a place that would reflect our love of books, music and art.

Once Mr. Tighe discovered how adventurous they were, as he put it, he transformed their house by massaging the restrictions for height, setbacks and projections. By tweaking code restrictions, borrowing space from the garage and pushing out a few feet on the street side, the $935,000 renovation succeeded in expanding the house slightly, to 2,200 square feet.

The resulting facade, plastered smooth, is faceted and sculptural, with sloping walls that merge seamlessly with the roof. Similarly, the white terrazzo floors, pitched ceilings and interior walls flow together like a continuous wrapper, framing views and playing against the artwork. Ms. Monte Karp oversaw the dcor, integrating her own paintings and sculpture, as well as furnishings she designed herself.

The ocean panoramas, Dr. Karp said, almost make you feel youre on a boat, but then you see the trees. You have both drama  the ocean and the mountains  and real serenity. Its a place full of unexpected juxtapositions.

Ms. Monte Karp added: And the brilliance of Patricks design completely makes you forget this was an A-frame shack.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Mille Miglia Celebrates Cars From Motorsports History</title>
<text>
ROME  From 1927 to 1957, with time off during World War II, the Mille Miglia was an important race that dazzled motorsports fans around the world, elevating drivers to godlike status and proving what was possible when new technology was pushed to its limits on treacherous mountain roads in Italy. The race planted the seeds of legend, particularly in the parts of Northern and Central Italy where the 1,000-mile race was run.

The event was reborn in 1977, and this year ran from last Thursday to Sunday. Crowds lined the roads in small towns between Brescia, Verona and Padua, all the way to Rome and back north through Bologna. People stood along streets in towns, often in front of medieval castles and churches, but they also show up along the edges of roundabouts that dont seem to be near anything at all.

Not all of the cars entered in the commemorative event, which is less a race than a celebration of motorsports heritage, were from the original Mille Miglia period. But fans still cheered when the 60s-vintage Porsche 911s and new Ferraris drove by.

Naturally, the cars that captured the spotlight were ones that created history: 1950s Mercedes 300 SLs, prewar Alfa Romeo roadsters, wagon-wheeled Bugattis and curvaceous Maserati roadsters.

Aside from the 451 cars in the race, a few celebrites attended. Jay Leno drove a 1951 Jaguar XK 120 with Ian Callum, Jaguars lead designer. Mr. Leno, whose prodigious collection includes many cars with interesting stories, said in an interview that the Jaguar had been run in the 1951 Mille Miglia.

Jeremy Irons, the British actor, drove a 1950 Jaguar XK 120 Lightweight. Wolfgang and Ferdinand Porsche, members of the Porsche family drove, naturally, a 1955 Porsche 356 Speedster. Adrien Brody, who won an Academy Award for his role in The Pianist, began the race in a black 1956 Mercedes 300SL.

Ive always had an appreciation for cars  classic cars in particular, he said in an interview, adding that he raced Mazda RX-7s when he was younger and participated in a short benefit race before an IndyCar event at Laguna Seca last month. Theres something wonderful about this being in Italy; its like being in a Fellini movie. This is a very charming adventure.

Mr. Brody dropped out of the race after driving the first leg on Thursday evening. He was preparing for the Cannes Film Festival, and although he said he enjoyed driving the first day, the events grueling dawn-until-dusk pace made him decide that it was more prudent to pass the baton to someone else.

His withdrawal actually worked out. Fritz Kaiser, the owner of the 300SL Mr. Brody was driving, had been behind the wheel of 1947 Cisitalia 202 SC Berlinetta he also owned. The car broke down during the first day of driving, so Mr. Kaiser and his wife, Birgit, took over the Mercedes.

Mr. Kaiser, who owns a wealth management company, was also one of the events main sponsors, through the auspices of an organization he recently founded called the Classic Car Trust. The company seeks to aid antique and classic-car collectors by providing an online platform with which to organize information about cars they own or would like to own. The company created the Link App for the Mille Miglia that provided participants with road condition updates, route information, the positions of other drivers and towing information, among other things.

Everybody has a mobile device, so we put everything on this app, Mr. Kaiser said in an interview.

There were many people at the Mille Migla who were passionate about their cars, including the members of two American teams who participated in a rather incongruous, but very charming pair of 1954 Oldsmobile 88 sedans.

Dave Frederick of San Diego said in an interview that he and his driving partner, Vince Sadd, were there to have fun and seemed to enjoy driving a huge, chrome-drenched American car among so many small European models.

The Mille Miglia was once an important endurance race. Now, it is dedicated to enjoying beautiful classic cars and getting an opportunity to engage in what some call spirited driving. But really, its a way to take something special from history and bring it back to life for a few days every year.

Even so, there is still a spirit of competition, and bursts of legitimate racing could be seen during the event. The sight of Porsche speedsters and low-slung Maserati A6 GCS roadsters jockeying for position around blind curves on mountain roads brought to mind black-and-white images from road races of a different era.

Giordano Mozzi and his wife, Stefania Biacca, won the race in a 1928 Lancia Lambda tipo 221 spider. Francesca Grimaldi and Lucia Fanti won the Ladies Cup in a 1949 Jaguar XK 120 OTS. Jay Leno came in at a more leisurely 305th, and Mr. Kaiser finished  driving the car in which Mr. Brody had started  in 291st place.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Today in Small Business: Does the S.B.A. Help Small Businesses?</title>
<text>
Whats affecting me, my clients and other small-business owners today.

 Investors may be losing their nerve in the stock market amid selling that has sent some industries down the most since 2008.

 After a brush with cancer, a teenager sets up a greeting card business that helps the charity that helped him.

 New data suggest that women are starting companies at a torrid pace.

 A $3 million program tries to sell entrepreneurship as a mainstream career path.

 Here is how to raise an entrepreneur.

 The S.B.A. honors an Oregon couple as National Small Business Persons of the Year.

 A proposal would make more businesses eligible for S.B.A. loans.

 A Score consultant says that hell is being slave to a losing business.

 Another consultant says that in the last decade, no organization has been less helpful and more hurtful to small business in the U.S. than the S.B.A.

 Are you ignoring one of the ways your prospects get information?

 Lying about income to boost your Affordable Care Act tax credits could result in fines between $25,000 and $250,000.

 Groupon is expanding its in-store payments business with a new iPad service that lets merchants accept coupons without a printed or digital voucher.

 From food trucks to flower trucks and massage trucks.

 Here are three ways to use payment plans to get paid faster.

 For National Accounting Day, here are 25 jokes that only accountants will find funny.

 The Department of Defense awarded $642 million in military contracts last week.

 A Shaker Heights, Ohio, program is in its second year of supporting young entrepreneurs.

 This map shows which type of export makes the most money for every country.

 Companies that fight Chinas trade policies seem to get hacked.

 Hover bikes are planned to go on sale in 2017.

 Television may be about to enjoy a renaissance.

 AT&T and DirecTV announce they plan to follow net neutrality rules for three years.

 Google acquires Divide with hopes to make Android more appealing to enterprise customers.

 Heres how HBOs Silicon Valley is just like the real thing.

Gene Marks owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa., consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. You can follow him on Twitter.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Even in Bright Hues, Color It Beige</title>
<text>
Review: Nissan Sentra: Compact sedan buyers have never had so many excellent choices. Deciding on one means doing your homework. Tom Voelk checks out the Nissan Sentra to see if it makes the grade.

If the redesigned 2013 Sentra has hit its target, what was Nissan aiming at?

The car does everything its competitors in the compact sedan class do, but it doesnt do anything better than any of them.

Its styled to mimic its bigger brother, the curvy new Altima, but somehow manages to look frumpy anyway. And while it seems ruggedly built, theres no surface the driver touches that feels as if its of superior quality.

The new Sentra is relentlessly and comprehensively average.

Average was perhaps enough when the Sentra faced only halfhearted American competition, Korean cars were awful and the only real alternatives were the generic Toyota Corolla and Hondas perennially excellent Civic.

Today, though, Fords Focus is great, Chevrolet has stepped way up with the Cruze, and Hyundai and Kia have developed solid compact cars to go with their extended warranties and keen pricing.

And if you really want a small car that drives well, you skip over Honda and Toyota altogether and go out and get a Mazda 3.

Unlike many so-called redesigns, which are actually updates of existing models, this Sentra is built on new vehicle architecture that, Nissan says, is 150 pounds lighter than the outgoing models while also marginally larger than the car that came before. Theres nothing radical about this new platform  like virtually every compact sedan, it is a front-drive car with a MacPherson strut front suspension and a simple torsion-beam axle in the back  but its newness does have advantages.

Besides the weight loss, this new Sentra is noticeably stiffer than the previous car. And when a door is slammed shut, theres a slightly tinny thump instead of a profoundly tinny twang.

The wheelbase now stretches out 106.3 inches, which is 0.6 inch longer than the 2012 models, but also 1.2 inches longer than the Honda Civic sedans and exactly the same as the redesigned 2014 Toyota Corollas.

So, not surprisingly, Nissans claim of 37.4 inches of rear legroom is exactly 1.2 inches greater than what Honda states for the Civic. Still, Toyota asserts that the Corollas rear legroom stretches out another four inches beyond that, to 41.4 inches. Go figure.

Even more surprising, Nissan says the larger Altima midsize sedan, with a wheelbase of 109.3 inches, has only 36.1 inches of rear legroom. So, again, go figure.

But the new platform has also allowed Nissan to lower the beltline, which runs across the base of the windows. This means theres more glass along the sides, and this produces an airier cabin that seems roomier. And the cockpit is, while short of luxurious in the top-of-the-line SL trim grade that I drove, attractive. The seats are squishy and not particularly supportive, but they look good.

The dash looks something like a wave that builds from the right to the left where it crests over the instrumentation. And those instruments exist on a single plane, are easily read and glow with a particular brilliance at night. Like many of todays cars, the Sentra SL now starts with the push of a button that glows orange in anticipation when the key fob is detected nearby.

Like every manufacturer, Nissan is obsessed with integrating its onboard entertainment systems with whatever digital doodad the driver carries on board. The system in the Sentra nicely plucked music out of my iPhone 4S via Bluetooth, nicely displayed the songs it was playing on the available 5.8-inch touch screen in the center of the dash and sounded great. And if the touch screen is too much of a reach, there are redundant audio controls on the steering wheel.

Naturally Pandora, satellite radio and every known communications system more modern than the semaphore can be plumbed into the system.

Theres even a feature that allows voice control over text messaging with some phones, which I wasnt able to test only because no one texts me. Everyone I know prefers to yell in my face. The available navigation system  a $650 option  works well and displays in 3-D graphics if so desired. Thats cheap compared with, say, the $1,500 premium that Honda asks for a Civic with a navigation system. But its still expensive compared with the $180 that Best Buy normally charges for a Garmin 2555LMT  and was on sale last week for $160.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Was a Reporter's Role in a Government Prosecution a Reason to Recuse Him?</title>
<text>
Its a generally accepted rule in journalism that if youre involved in a newsworthy situation, you shouldnt cover it. Most of the time that makes excellent sense.

The Times made an exception to that rule on Sunday with Scott Shanes riveting piece on John C. Kiriakou, the former C.I.A. operative who is facing prison for giving information to a freelance reporter.

Mr. Shane, a national security reporter in the Washington bureau, became a tangential part of the situation when Mr. Kiriakou was also charged with revealing to Journalist B the name of a person who had participated in the operation to catch the Qaeda terrorist Abu Zubaydah, which the government said was classified.

Some readers found fault with Mr. Shanes writing of the story, given his involvement. One was James Savage, a former longtime investigations editor with The Miami Herald.

Theres an easy way to avoid this glaring conflict of interest, he wrote in an e-mail. Assign another reporter to write the story. That reporter could interview Mr. Shane and include his comments, properly attributed, in a balanced story.

That point certainly occurred to me on Saturday when I first read the story online, and again later when I saw it prominently displayed on the Sunday front page. I was also interested, as I read deeper into the article, to see Mr. Shane writing in the first person  thats rare for a news story in The Times.

But my overall reaction was sheer fascination with the tale he told  an invaluable glimpse inside a secret world, one that provided rare insights into the reporter-source relationship. It also illuminates a troubling subject that does not get enough attention: the Obama administrations prosecution of government employees who leak information to the press  an effort with major implications for press freedom and the ability to inform the public.

I talked with Mr. Shane and with two editors who were involved in the decision-making. They told me that, after quite a bit of discussion, they decided that the pros far outweighed the cons.

Having Scott tell the story wasnt a downside; it enriched the story, by allowing us to give readers insight on how Kiriakou operated, said David Leonhardt, the Washington bureau chief.

Mr. Leonhardt added, So long as the story made the disclosures that it did, I dont see the argument that the reader would have been better served by someone else writing the piece and Scott being quoted in it.

The piece originally was intended to appear in The Times Magazine on Sunday, but was moved to the news pages to get it published sooner. We felt competitive pressure, said Dean Baquet, a managing editor. Editors thought another news organization might be writing a similar story.

The articles point of view, and Mr. Shanes writing in the first person, might have seemed more at home in the magazine. But the value remained, despite its change of places. More than 500 readers commented on the story, and it generated plenty of attention on Twitter and elsewhere.

Mr. Shane, who proposed the piece to his editors months ago, saw an opportunity to tell a story from a different angle.

It was a chance to be more direct about the dilemma involved when we report publicly on the secret activities of government, he told me. That involves rather risky relations between reporter and source  more risky now than its been in the past.

Ive been writing recently about the debate over reportorial impartiality and its role in the truth-telling that makes journalism worthwhile. One crucial element when impartiality comes into question is transparency.

This story is an example of just that. The reporters involvement is disclosed, and readers can draw their own conclusions.

Its always awkward when youre a part of it, Mr. Shane said, but I thought it was justified.

I agree. In this case, no one could have told this important tale as well. Those who have read it know more about how government and reporting work than they did before.

Its the kind of story that makes you think; it may make you question the status quo. Thats a pretty good definition of what effective journalism does.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The Promise, and Pitfalls, of Video</title>
<text>
ADAM NOSSITERS first response to a now-famous video of the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls was caution.

I thought maybe we should not make a huge thing of this until it was completely verified, Mr. Nossiter, the Times bureau chief for Central and West Africa, told me by phone. He described how he and a Times stringer in Nigeria first watched the video early this week in a hotel room in Maiduguri.

But, as the veteran correspondent knows very well, the pace of news tends not to cooperate with such sensible sentiments. The video was appearing elsewhere, his editors were pushing hard, and Mr. Nossiters story about the video ended up at the top of the Times website on Monday afternoon, and on the front page on Tuesday. The heartbreaking situation behind it  the kidnapping of more than 200 girls by Islamic extremists  has riveted people around the world; the video appeared to be the first evidence that at least some of the girls were still alive.

Mr. Nossiters initial story included some strong disclaimer language that I dont remember seeing before. Its second paragraph began with these surprising words: If genuine. The fourth paragraph in that early web story added to the doubt. It was impossible to fully authenticate the video, it began. One parent reached in Chibok, the village where the girls were seized last month, said nobody there had seen it, Mr. Nossiter wrote, because there is no electricity, much less Internet access.

The next day, he reported that some parents had been shown the video by Nigerian government officials and had been able to identify their daughters, easing the doubts about the videos authenticity.

Mr. Nossiters first impulse, though, was a good one. And although this instance has not turned out to be a cautionary tale, it does raise questions about authenticating video images  and the difficulty of doing so  in todays relentless, 24-hour news cycle. I explored these questions with journalists inside and outside The Times this past week.

The word that came up over and over in these half-dozen interviews was verification.

Claire Wardle, an expert on video authenticity who is a research fellow at Columbia Universitys Tow Center, puts it simply. Journalists, she said, should always start from a position that the content is incorrect. Lets call it radical skepticism  a very useful concept.

Steve Buttry  one of Ms. Wardles co-authors of a guide for journalists titled the Verification Handbook  has a good take on the subject as well. Journalism is hard work, and verification is some of the hardest work of journalism, he said in a recent interview published on the International Journalism Festival website.

Mr. Buttry and Ms. Wardle agree that there is no foolproof way to verify videos, but there are common-sense steps journalists can take. Those involve both old-fashioned checking and rechecking with multiple sources  Mr. Buttry calls it triangulation  and newer digital methods.

The Times is a client of a news organization called Storyful, one of whose specialties is verifying the authenticity of video through many means  most important, by trying to obtain and examine the original version of a video and getting in touch with the person who shot it.

As recently as last month, some news organizations had to issue retractions  publishing corrections and taking down images  after a video described as capturing a deadly avalanche on Mount Everest turned out to be of an avalanche there several years ago. No news organization ever wants to do that.

Bruce Headlam, managing editor of video at The Times, told me that by its nature, video requires an extra level of care.

Video is so immediate and so visceral; it is very compelling and we have to be extra vigilant, he said. In addition, posting video is not an act that allows for much nuance. Theres no to be sure paragraph in a video, he said, alluding to the kind of oft-mocked, bet-hedging disclaimer that often appears in text-based news stories.

Mr. Headlam told me that the vast majority of video that appears on The Timess site avoids these authenticity issues because it is shot either by Times staffers or by freelancers whose reputations are well known to the paper.

On one recent occasion, The Times walked right up to the line of publication, then stopped. An amateur video purporting to show helicopters being downed by pro-Russian forces in Ukraine had been circulated by wire services, although with disclaimers attached. According to a Times video producer, Ben Werschkul, The Times prepared the video for publication but at the last moment decided not to use it. Editors on the international desk thought it skewed too close to propaganda and was not substantive enough to publish as news, in addition to being of uncertain origin. (Discredited images from Ukraine  photographs not videos  caused some problems for The Times recently, as I wrote in a blog post last month.)

It sounds like a prudent decision, one that reflects the kind of thinking that Mr. Nossiter did when he first saw the Nigerian video. The Times is continuing to move inexorably into the digital age, in which text and still photographs are only part of the news equation, and these issues arent going away.

With the increasing importance of video (both for news value and as a source of advertising revenue), the many places it can come from, and the fast pace of news, the chances of a perfect record are low, as Mr. Headlam acknowledged.

If we havent pulled anything yet because it turned out to be inauthentic, he said, we will probably have to at some point.

Follow the public editor on Twitter at twitter.com/sulliview and read her blog at publiceditor.blogs.nytimes.com. A recent post took up the change in leadership at The Times and what it means for readers.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Return to the Hamptons</title>
<text>
Growing up mostly in Manhattan, Larry Landau spent his summers first on Fire Island and later in Southampton, where his mother bought a small ranch house. Thats the house that introduced his wife, Susan, whos from New Jersey, to the Hamptons.

I fell in love with the Hamptons immediately, she said. Both found they preferred Long Island to the Jersey Shore. Theres a feeling of permanence to the New York beaches, where the Jersey shores have more of a transient feel, Mr. Landau said.

In 1999, the Landaus, who reside in a two-story colonial in suburban Morris County, N.J., bought the house from the estate of Mr. Landaus mother.

Their two daughters, then in elementary school, became increasingly busy with camp and friends. More visitors would have been nice, said Mrs. Landau, a real estate appraiser. But at that stage of life, few of their friends were able to visit them in Southampton. It was always something their kids needed back at home.

So after a few years they sold the house, telling themselves, someday we will return.

Someday approached. A few years ago, the Landaus  about to be empty-nesters  began the hunt for a new Southampton house. Their ideal location was in Southampton Village south of Montauk Highway. For a relatively modest $550,000 to $650,000, they wanted three bedrooms, two bathrooms and, preferably, a pool.

The question was: How do you get to Southampton Village if you are not a hedge fund manager? said Mr. Landau, who works in the financial-services field.

In their price range, they encountered primarily teardowns and fixer-uppers.

We came up with a concept called the rainy-day test, Mr. Landau said. Could you see yourself here during a rainy or off-season day? Thats one reason they wanted a fireplace  for rainy or chilly weather.

In the summer, when its raining and youre confined, Mrs. Landau said, there isnt a whole lot else you are doing except going to T.J. Maxx in Bridgehampton.

A lovely four-bedroom house on Meadowgrass Lane, circa 1996, came with a pool and a fireplace. Mrs. Landau loved its soaring, vaulted ceiling and modern style, so unlike their New Jersey house. It helped me decide what I liked, she said. But at $899,000, it was simply too pricey. It later sold for $800,000.

The couple checked out Bishops Pond, a 69-unit planned townhouse community that opened last year. Mr. Landau declared it spectacular and out of the budget. With the smallest three-bedrooms starting in the mid-$800,000s  they are currently selling for around $1.1 million  they had to pass it by.

They strayed north of the highway and saw a three-bedroom house, listed at $540,000, on Helens Lane in North Sea, situated on a creek. They could kayak right up to the yard.

To take advantage of the views, the house had its bedrooms on the ground floor and the living area on top. Both yard and interior needed plenty of work.

It was too kooky for me, Mrs. Landau said. It later sold for $530,000.

At an older townhouse community built in 1976, Southampton Meadows, the Landaus found another place within their budget. An end unit, with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a fireplace, had been vacant for two years; the development included a saltwater pool and tennis courts.

The listing price was $689,000, with a monthly fee of around $700. The townhouse didnt seem like it needed that much work, though no interior improvements had been made since it was built.

When they next saw a two-bedroom ranch house in the low $600,000s  and in such bad shape it needed to be razed  they knew they would find nothing more suitable than the townhouse. They bought it for $589,000, closed in late winter and went to work.

When we bought it, we saw the flaws, Mrs. Landau said. So many other places were in obvious need of work, but theirs was not. We were caught off guard, she said, surprised to find their home needed every inch redone. Their $15,000 renovation budget ballooned to $50,000.

But they tackled the project like troopers, doing what they could themselves and joining Angies List to find skilled workers. Ive got projects for forever, Mr. Landau said. Few of those are outdoors. They find it a relief not to worry about landscaping or pool maintenance. Whats more, I like the social aspects of a community pool, he said. Theres nothing social about your own pool if you dont have guests out that weekend.

Some similar units have been renovated, with space beneath the vaulted ceiling becoming a third bedroom. But the Landaus want to keep theirs as is, airy and bright.

If their kids (now in their early 20s) have friends stay over, they dont care if they sleep on chairs at their age, Mrs. Landau said. This time around, their friends are more eager to visit. My friends dont have all these obligations to their children, Mrs. Landau said, and now that my daughters look at the Hamptons as the place to go, everybody wants to come over. Everybody is, like, whens my weekend?

As for the last rainy day, Mr. Landau worked on projects around the house. Mrs. Landau went to T.J. Maxx.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Bob Newhart, Master of the One-Sided Conversation</title>
<text>
Abbott set up Costello, and Burns relied on Gracie to finish the joke, but Bob Newhart is the rare straight man who gets laughs all on his own.

More than a half-century ago, Mr. Newhart became famous through stand-up routines that were one-sided telephone conversations in which his comic partner was neither seen nor heard. And just this month, Mr. Newhart, 84, appeared in a star-studded Apollo Theater tribute to Don Rickles (being broadcast on Wednesday on Spike TV), using another form of inanimate technology as a comic foil.

In a taped monologue, he made himself out to be a doddering old man who couldnt get his video camera to work. Every time he started talking, he fell out of the frame, his mundane narration complementing shots of the ceiling.

Mr. Newhart has always been a gentle minimalist, which may be why he does not get anywhere near the critical respect of fellow founding fathers of modern stand-up, like Bill Cosby or Lenny Bruce. In his many television shows, including the jewel of his career, The Bob Newhart Show, his characters are a parody of reticent stoicism, using pauses and the unsaid to let the audience come to him and fill in the joke.

The show, which ran from 1972 to 1978 and is being released on Tuesday by Shout Factory in an essential boxed set for television fans, is not celebrated as much as the other hits of the era that were more fiercely political (All in the Family) or more daring (Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, M*A*S*H). But the comic situations in the The Bob Newhart Show are as well wrought as any of them, and it was the first to really successfully build a sitcom out of a stand-up persona.

The opening shot of the series is Mr. Newhart on a telephone, and almost every episode features a one-sided conversation. The rhythm of the show matches the unhurried deadpan of his album. Mr. Newhart plays a mild-mannered Chicago psychologist, Dr. Robert Hartley, settled into a contented but dull marriage. At the end of the second episode, he puts his wife, played with great verve and necessary warmth by Suzanne Pleshette, to sleep by talking about himself.

Its something of a risk to build a series around a boring man, especially one who works as a psychologist and doesnt (often) make crazy patients into a joke. In the first two seasons, its a genial, occasionally bland but mature show. As he has said in interviews, Mr. Newhart did not want his character to have kids, and the comedy hinges on either workplace issues or marriage. The show hits its stride in the third and fourth seasons, when a group of odd but clearly drawn patients gives Mr. Newhart more pronounced eccentricity to play off.

But its comic core is clearly Mr. Newhart himself. Most of the plots revolve around a mild humiliation that he suffers with a stone face. Few comedians have gotten more from blinks or a furrowed brow. At one point, Ms. Pleshette pleads with him to smile in anticipation of a surprise party that he knows is coming. I am smiling, he said, to which she shoots back, Could you use the other lip?

Todays great straight men express a range of exasperation. John Krasinski gave his facial features a workout when he mugged for the camera on The Office, and Ice Cube has been gruffly scowling at countless fast-talking buffoons in his movie comedies. They are not hams, unless you compare them with Mr. Newhart. His responses fit into an almost inhumanly narrow range of emotions. That he rarely frowns or gets angry starts to seem like a symptom of a peculiarly Midwestern psychosis. Or at least a style that wildly departs from realism. His comedy is akin to a crisp, abstract work on a blank canvas.

Mr. Newharts stillness gives his every blink, cough and head turn an illusion of meaning. By not accenting his reactions, he actually makes his movements more vivid and colorful, yet still mysterious. His stammer had none of the hyperanxiety of Hugh Grants. Its a precision instrument, calibrating the pace of the joke.

In the most celebrated episode of the series, Over the River and Through the Woods, Mr. Newhart puts on a clinic in how not to overact in a drunk scene. Still, his slight letting loose is surely partly why the show is often singled out. In his next sitcom, Newhart, from 1982 to 1990, Mr. Newhart surrounded himself with even more flamboyantly odd situations, sacrificing some of the subtle craftsmanship that was the motor of the earlier series.

But in his most distinctive moments in the 1970s series, he earns laughs by doing nearly nothing. These episodes suggest that there is less difference between the straight man and the joker than you might think. In one, his wife tries to make his office a more welcoming place by giving him a photo of himself in a fishermans hat, broadly smiling. Its jarring to see Mr. Newhart look so unabashedly happy  and the picture bothers him, but not in a way that he articulates. His face drained of emotion says it all. Then the pace slows, and his wife takes down the diplomas over his desk and replaces them with this happy, smiling photo.

He thanks her quietly, with zero enthusiasm. He never says he doesnt like the photo, but he doesnt need to. Hes clearly in pain. The inability to experience pleasure is a common trope in comedy, but what Marc Maron or Woody Allen would take a minute to describe, Mr. Newhart gets across in a pinched glance.

The tension just sits there, filling up the room. Mr. Newharts inability to give voice to his problems builds on itself, but never explodes into a punch line. He simply takes the photo down at the end of the episode, tells his wife an obvious lie about wanting it to be closer to home, then looks at his feet. The humor here doesnt rest on one-liners that give the audience a release. It presents a ridiculous but recognizable character trait, and delights in the inability of anyone to talk about it. Its a joke about how hard it is to smile, which makes it come off as completely cracked.

Its also one that avoids direct conflict, characteristic of his unfailingly generous comedy. Whereas stars at the Rickles tribute, like Tina Fey, Jerry Seinfeld and Martin Scorsese (if I would have directed this, I wouldnt have gone with the open casket), paid tribute by imitating his insult humor, Mr. Newhart stuck to his sensibility, letting others have the punch lines while he played it straight.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A New Type of Cat, Ready to Rumble</title>
<text>
Review: 2014 Jaguar F-Type S: A high-end audio system that's fun to drive? Jaguar's 2014 F-Type snarls like the Rolling Stones and tracks as precisely as a needle in a groove. Tom Voelk recommends a good set of headphones.

Firesand Orange is what Jaguar calls the paint that flashed from the F-Type sports car that I recently drove. The crowd-pleasing shade recalled such things as a pumpkin, a traffic cone and a hunters vest.

What it didnt remind people of was a Jaguar, with several New Yorkers professing love for the car but surprise at its British nameplate. Their reaction was understandable: the 2014 F-Type is Jaguars first pure two-seat sports car in 40 years.

Also, like every new Jaguar, the F-Type looks and sounds nothing like the genteel coaches that have come to characterize the brand, especially after it moved away from racing and sports cars like the E-Type, the F-Types classic predecessor of 1961-74.

But if the people on the street couldnt always identify the badge at first glance, it didnt stop bystanders from drooling and draping themselves over the Jag, sometimes literally: I cringed when I found a group of teenagers engaged in a curbside photo shoot, taking turns posing atop the front fender for maximum Flickr effect.

The car has flaws, including a relatively steep price, flabby curb weight, mildly uncommunicative steering and the lack, for now, of a manual-transmission option. But for an initial salvo against the Porsche 911 Cabriolet, and to a lesser extent the Porsche Boxster and Corvette Stingray, the F-Type made a crater-size impression.

And this British-built roadster reminded me that when a sports car nails the sex, sound and speed equation, its easy to forgive the little things.

In a bit of reverse colonialism, in 2008 Tata Motors of India plucked the Jaguar and Land Rover brands from Ford for $2.3 billion, partly to wedge its way into Chinas luxury car market. Of the two marques, Land Rover has long carried more than its weight. But critically praised new models are finally giving Jaguar a lift, with American sales up 36 percent this year and global sales rising 38 percent.

Befitting its brand name, the Jaguar F-Type is a snarling, clawing animal  especially in the guise of the supercharged 495-horsepower F-Type V8 S, starting at $92,895. Thats 40 more horses than the new Stingray, 95 more than the 911 Carerra S Cabrio.

A dash from standstill to 60 miles per hour takes just over four seconds, with a peak speed of 186 m.p.h. But just as important is how the F-Type gets there and how it returns to a stop: with a such a fusillade of popping, backfiring exhaust noise that civilians might dive for cover.

The rumble is faintly ridiculous, yes, but also inspired and incendiary. It is simply one of the best V8 engine sounds in the business, aided by a driver-adjustable adaptive exhaust (on V8 and V6 S models) and four artillery-size exhaust outlets.

I didnt drive the V6 S, but I have heard it. That cars 380-horsepower, 3-liter supercharged engine has its own sonic charms along with a lower base price of $81,895. Drivers who prize roadster style and fun over sheer velocity can dip down to $69,985 for the basic F-Type V6, with a 340-horse version of the supercharged V6.

But theres no getting around it: even that 340-horse starter F-Type costs $13,000 more than the 455-horsepower Stingray convertible and nearly $7,000 more than the Boxster S.

The 6-cylinder Jaguars are still quick, with 0-to-60 times of 5.1 seconds for the base V6 and 4.8 seconds for the V6 S. All three versions share a well-insulated fabric top, which I repeatedly popped open while driving around New York City and points north  it operates at speeds up to 30 m.p.h.  during a recent period of spectacular fall weather.

The roof tucks away without stealing space from the petite 7.1-cubic-foot trunk. My large wheeled carry-on just fit, with side room to spare. But you can load two carry-ons in the Corvette convertibles roomier hatch and three in the 911, with its front trunk and bonus rear-seat storage.

But people who love the Jags English flair wont be taking a tape measure to the trunk. The cars classic oval grille, flared hips and beautifully drawn rear deck  reminiscent of the exotic BMW Z8  push all the right buttons for sports-car fans. Like its modern stablemates, this Jaguar looks fast, desirable and just a bit dangerous. (A coupe version of the F-Type, to be unveiled Nov. 19 at the Los Angeles Auto Show, goes on sale in the spring.)

Hidden door handles extend automatically when you unlock the car, a nice technical touch. An interior button deploys the rear spoiler at a cocky angle.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Where the Wild Things Are (at Home)</title>
<text>
A plump teddy bear perches on the edge of a sofa, surrounded by floral wallpaper. A monk in a dimly lit room hangs his head, his shadow projecting menacingly onto the wall. Meanwhile, a skeleton tucks itself into bed, where a painting of Mary and Jesus watches over its slumber.

None of them has been out trick-or-treating.

Klaus Pichler, an Austrian photographer whose quirky photos of stuffed animals appeared on Lens, has been photographing communities and subcultures devoted to costumes. His resulting portrait project, Just the Two of Us, shows Austrians at home  in full dress-up.

Normally, all the costumes and traditions, they have one thing in common: there is some kind of public use of these costumes, Mr. Pichler said. To raise questions about the people in his pictures, he asked them to pose at home, where the setting gave subtle clues about their identities.

I think the crucial question is the question, Who could be beyond the costume?  he said.

Who, for instance, dresses as oversize rabbit, posing on a green shag rug (Slide 16)? When Mr. Pichler visited the residence, home to a family of four, the Donnie Darko-esque rabbit was only one of many costumes in a packed storage room, including four gorilla suits that are used in a gorilla ballet. The family members are devoted participants of the Carnival season, which is called Fasching in Austria.

In a way, they are living the Carnival, Mr. Pichler said of the family, part of a local Fasching guild. They are preparing the whole year.

At first, Mr. Pichler planned to photograph only Fasching costumes. His approach changed when he found that many potential subjects were suspicious. Instead, he began exploring traditions both old and new.

The subject of his first portrait, the monk (Slide 8), takes part in live-action role playing, or LARP, in which players become characters and meet to act out various scenarios. He dresses up nearly every weekend to take part in the action, which in Austria often occurs at a castle or a fortress.

Although that subject owned a number of costumes, Mr. Pichler thought the simplicity of the monks robe made for a good picture. That portrait guided the rest of the series. There is something mysterious about it, he said. You cant figure out what person could be beyond the costume.

Mr. Pichler met the monk through a friend, but he usually had trouble finding subjects. Each time he started to research a new tradition, he had to start over. Cold calls were sometimes awkward.

Somebodys calling you: Hey, I like your costume. Can I make some pictures in your own flat?  he said. Strange request.

Not that his subjects were themselves strange. For them, costumes are merely a form of escape. In my opinion, its quite important to have a second life, Mr. Pichler said.

His is photography. Mr. Pichler, 36, does commissioned work for companies, agencies and newspapers. He values the balance between being told what to do and pursuing his own ideas.

I think I would really lose my mind and turn crazy if I just did my own projects, he said.

Two of the costume types he explored dealt with old Austrian traditions: the Krampus (above), a ghoulish creature who accompanies St. Nicholas and punishes bad Austrian children on Dec. 5, and the Perchten (below), a devilish fellow who tries to scare winter away during the second half of December. In more recent years, the two traditions have been confused, and so the groups associated with each tested Mr. Pichler to make sure he knew the difference.

Ultimately, only about one in five people Mr. Pichler contacted agreed to be photographed. While some costume traditions are intended for display  such as Cosplay, a Japanese subculture that celebrates characters from comics, anime, video games and film  others are more private.

Members of the Furry community, for instance, create anthropomorphic alter egos. Those Mr. Pichler photographed design fursuits, costumes they wear to become their characters (Slide 13).

They wanted to make a strict borderline between their costume and their civil identity, Mr. Pichler said.

The heaviest costume Mr. Pichler photographed, depicting a character from the computer game Halo, weighed just over 65 pounds (Slide 15). Although the subject can barely move while wearing the costume, he dons it often  sometimes out to clubs, where he tries to dance (or just is admired).

I think in most of the cases, this is literally a second life; its more than just a costume, its an alter ego, Mr. Pichler said.

To his surprise, most of the people he photographed hold steady, average jobs. They have relationships and families. I think all of these people live quite a settled life, he said.

They even fall in love and live happily ever after. In costume.

Two of his subjects dressed as Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia at their wedding, where all of the guests came as Star Wars characters.

Their flat is like a Star Wars museum, he said of the couple, who belong to the 501st Legion, a volunteer group of Star Wars costume enthusiasts.

Follow @kerrimac and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Crossover Jostling to Fit in Showrooms Already Full</title>
<text>
With the introduction of the 2014 Forester, Subaru is sending a clear message: when it comes to pummeling, it is better to give than to receive  and the time has come to start throwing some punches.

Not that Subaru is doing badly. Sales in the United States have increased in each of the last four years, setting records. But the Forester  last reworked in 2008  has not been part of that growth, with sales shrinking some 10 percent in 2011 and stalling at that level last year.

The Forester has, in part, been a casualty of the brawl in the compact sport utility market in recent years, with automakers landing blow and counterblow by improving fuel economy while adding luxury, performance and safety features previously unseen in this class. Chasing market leaders like the Honda CR-V and Ford Escape, the major automakers are updating or introducing new models very quickly, said Tom Libby, senior forecasting analyst at Polk, the automotive data firm.

Now Subaru joins that melee with a Forester that offers more room, new features and better fuel economy, all based on the underpinnings of the redesigned Impreza introduced in 2011. Subarus two-pronged market strategy continues: theres the standard Forester 2.5i and then the 2.0XT, a sportier turbocharged model.

Prices start at $22,820 for a 2.5i with a 6-speed manual transmission; a continuously variable automatic is $1,000 extra. The least expensive sport model is the 2.0XT Premium, priced at $28,820.

But picking the fancier 2.0XT Touring version and adding a package of high-tech features that includes lane-departure warning, adaptive cruise control, high-intensity-discharge low-beam headlights and precollision braking can push the price past $36,000. That figure suggests high hubris, given that Foresters have never been considered prestige models, but a richly optioned Escape can also reach that level.

I tested both a 2.5i Premium, which had a sticker price of $26,320, and a 2.0XT Touring ($36,220).

The 2014 Forester is 1.4 inches longer and gets a new look  lauded by company officials  that drew little attention in two weeks of driving around northern New Hampshire, a prime habitat of Subaru enthusiasts. But settle inside and the all-around visibility is good; a huge panoramic sunroof, standard on many models, furthers the sense of openness.

Core Subaru values like practicality have not been forsaken. The basic controls for heating, cooling and ventilation rely on an increasingly forgotten and simple pleasure: large, easy-to-use knobs. However, an optional touch screen for functions like the stereo is frustrating, with tiny boxes best suited to dainty little fingers.

An important change is the addition of 3.7 inches more legroom in the rear, which Subaru justifiably felt was needed to attract families with children. That increase means the Forester now has more rear legroom than major competitors like the CR-V, Escape and Toyota RAV4. Behind the second row theres a competitive 34.4 cubic feet of space (31.5 when equipped with a sunroof).

There are also important mechanical upgrades. The quaint 4-speed automatic that hobbled the previous generations acceleration and fuel economy is gone. It has been replaced with an utterly agreeable C.V.T. that offers a strong and instant response to the accelerator. Fuel economy is greatly improved, by up to 5 m.p.g on the highway and 3 m.p.g. in town.

A 6-speed manual transmission is standard on the two least expensive 2.5i trim levels, replacing a 5-speed manual. All other models get the C.V.T.

The entry-level engine is a 170-horsepower 2.5-liter flat 4-cylinder introduced in the 2012 Forester and then added to the 2013 Outback and Legacy models. With the automatic, it is rated at 24 m.p.g. city and 32 m.p.g. highway. Pick the 6-speed manual and the fuel economy drops to 22 city and 29 highway.

The other engine choice is the turbocharged direct-injection 4 rated at 250 horsepower at 5,600 r.p.m. Available only on the 2.0XT, it is making its North American debut. Mileage with the turbo engine is rated at 23/28, one mile per gallon less in the city and four on the highway than the 2.5-liter engine.

That 250 horsepower is up from the 224 produced by last years 2.5-liter turbo. However, that gain is offset somewhat by extra pounds. The 2.0XTs curb weight of 3,622 pounds reflects an increase of about 172 pounds, in part a result of bigger wheels and brakes.

Subaru says the base 2.5-liter Forester will go from zero to 60 miles per hour in 9.3 seconds with the C.V.T. The turbocharged 2.0XT is 3.1 seconds quicker.

During two weeks of driving in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, what the 2.5i and 2.0XT proved to have in common was driving satisfaction, albeit in different amounts.

The electric power steering, new for 2014, is predictable and properly weighted, and for an all-wheel-drive vehicle the Forester is pleasingly quick to dig into a turn.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Sailing Into the Mainstream</title>
<text>
WHEN Nissan unveiled a new Altima for 2002, it heralded the companys redesign as much as the cars. Nissans workaholic new leader, Carlos Ghosn, was engineering a remarkably fast turnaround that made him a global auto-industry superstar. And the great-looking Altima  formerly an obscure runt among family sedans  was the model that, more than any other, transformed Nissan from a debt-ridden basket case into one of the most profitable automakers.

A car like that is a tough act to follow, but the Altima continues to expand its presence. Last year, the American-made sedan quietly passed the Honda Accord to become Americas second-best-selling passenger car, trailing only the Toyota Camry.

That evolved status  from sporty underdog to established contender  seems reflected in the all-new 2013 model. Nissan is no longer looking to stake a claim, but to hold the high ground against hungry upstarts like the Hyundai Sonata, not to mention an impressively redesigned Accord.

About the only bad thing Ill say about the Altima is that the redesign plays it very safe; its a collection of the clichs of the current midsize class. If I were an Infiniti executive, Id be fed up with the way Nissan keeps stealing every design cue thats not nailed down. Infiniti has had a hard enough time forging a luxury identity and convincing people its worth the extra cash, without the mainstream parent constantly nosing through its design diary.

But in this always-conservative segment of the market, the conservative impulse is easy to forgive. With some 2.5 million annual sales, midsize sedans remain Americas most popular type of car. Tally up the times that showroom doors are open, and nearly 8,100 Americans buy a midsize sedan every day.

Like many auto writers, Ive been known to fawn over those rare family cars with a sporty edge, including that 2002 Altima or the original Mazda 6. But most of those 8,100 daily buyers are focused on comfort, reliability, features, safety and other family attributes. Styling helps, but sportiness is well down that list, if it appears at all.

The point is that this Altima, while it drives beautifully, feels less like a sport sedan than ever. You can thank, or blame, a pair of modern fuel savers: the electrically assisted power steering, which tends to filter out some useful sensations from the road, and the continuously variable automatic transmission, a technology that may also be described as a prophylactic against fun.

Boy-racer gripes aside, heres the good part: this Altima is a terrific family car, among the best in the current field. Thats saying something, considering the depth and now the multinational breadth of that field. Aside from the Japanese labels (Altima, Accord and Camry) and the Koreans (the Sonata and Kia Optima), the Americans (Ford Fusion and Chevrolet Malibu) are playing to win and the German-bred, American-built Volkswagen Passat is posting solid sales gains.

For 2013, Nissan will also continue to sell the existing Altima coupe, based on the previous-generation sedan.

With its two-engine strategy  Hyundai, Chevy and Ford are among the rivals that have dropped V-6s from their midsize models  the Altima may rope in buyers with varying values. The Altimas 182-horsepower 4-cylinder version tops its class with an impressive federal rating of 27 miles per gallon in town and 38 on the highway. Move up to the 270-horsepower 3.5-liter V-6, and the Altima will scoot from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 6.2 seconds, quicker than most competitors and right on top of the powerful new Accord V-6.

Altima engineers have evidently been sitting with the cool kids in the Infiniti lunchroom, because the cars refinement and quiet seems more in keeping with a model from Nissans luxury brand. Again, some features come straight from Infiniti, including a useful four-inch color display, nestled between exceptionally legible round gauges, that shows navigation information, tire pressures, blind-spot warnings and Pandora audio displays.

Nissan, usually so fond of interior gimmickry, plays this one mercifully straight, with a sensible touch screen and clear attention to fit-and-finish rather than ephemeral design trends.

For the most part, the clever bits are actually clever, including one that eliminates the need for a tire gauge: the Easy-Fill Tire Alert honks the horn when the tires reach the recommended pressure. Most Altimas have a factory-installed remote start function, handy for preheating or cooling the cabin.

Nissan says design inspiration for the front seats came from NASA research on a stress-free posture in zero gravity, aiming to relieve pressure on sensitive, load-bearing areas  including the lower back, thighs and backside. That may sound a bit spacey, but the Altimas seats remained comfortable during an all-day drive followed by a brutal 90-minute homecoming through Manhattan. But the fabric itself could stand some anti-gravity coating: The cushy, nubby fabric is a magnet for dust, hair and detritus. (Perforated leather seats and trim are optional.)</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Nissan Juke Review</title>
<text>
I TOOK my first close look at the Juke, Nissans new funhouse-mirror crossover, a few weeks before my 40th birthday. The truth quickly settled in: man, you are way too old for this car.

It was clear right away whom the Juke was meant for. I could just picture him in his American Apparel hoodie, sipping a latte from his favorite locally owned coffee shop  you probably wouldnt have heard of it  a 20-something trend-surfer, eternally hip and cooler than grad school, at least until its time to haul the laundry home to moms house.

Yes, I could see him all right, his reflection curling in the Jukes swollen front fender. But wait: that was me, actually, hoodied and latted, between two laundry bags the size of concert speakers.

But this is not the place to ponder the far frontiers of extended adolescence. Not when the Juke is sitting there begging to be mocked. And rest assured, Nissan wants people to mock this car.

Most people, at least. Marketing to the Cool Kids is a tricky business, after all  its an exclusive clique of consumer contrarians, ready to champion anything the rest of us disdain. If a late-adopting, over-the-hill poseur like me doesnt immediately scoff at the Juke, then something has gone horribly wrong.

Take those overblown fenders, for starters, which practically scream little-man complex. Its what the puny Nissan Versa might look like if it spent six months in the gym isolating its forearms and thighs. Add the forced perspective created by the high waist, tapered side windows and descending roofline, and the Juke appears to be holding its breath and flexing for the weight-room mirror.

Up front, the rally-style headlights are a nod to the Mini; the turn signals, extending like flared nostrils above the front wheel arches, are a nod to the warthog. And speaking of those oversize arches, who puts 17-inch wheels on a compact car?

So is this another exercise in quirk-for-quirks-sake, like those self-conscious squares that were all the design rage a couple of years ago  the Scion xB, the Honda Element and Nissans own Cube? Or is the Jukes attempt to breed coupe with crossover more than a youthful cry for attention? In short, is this bizarre mutt of a vehicle something an adult could enjoy?

But enough with the demographic analysis. This car wasnt going to drive itself to Moms house.

I spent more than a week with the Juke during a holiday visit to North Carolina, which allowed me to test the car in a variety of suburban driveways and mall parking lots. I mention this because it was only alongside its S.U.V. forebears that the Juke revealed how small it truly is. That I could ever have thought otherwise  the Juke is seven inches shorter than the subcompact Versa, after all  owes less to the cars juiced-up exterior than to its surprising driver comforts.

The bolstered seats offer a higher driving position than one expects from a compact, and there is ample legroom up front. My test vehicle came with upscale touches including a push-button ignition, leather appointments and heated seats.

The oddball styling hasnt been forgotten inside, either, with a high-gloss center console shaped like a motorcycle fuel tank.

As for the back seat, theres room for two laundry bags the size of well-fed teenagers, though if those bags had had legs theyd have been in trouble. My lone attempt to squeeze behind the passenger seat was what yoga must be like in prison; asking someone to ride more than a few miles in that position would violate the Geneva Conventions.

The falling-at-the-rear roofline requires a compromise in cargo space, too, with just 36 cubic feet available once the second row is folded  14 cubic feet less than the Versa and nearly 18 less than the Kia Soul, even though the Souls overall dimensions are similar.

The Juke isnt meant for space-conscious families, though. Its the Mini crowd Nissan is hoping to lure, and for the Juke to succeed it has to strike a similar chord. It cant just be funky; it has to be fun. And at the risk of spoiling the party for the Cool Kids  Ill assume my Evite got lost in the spam folder  the Juke kind of rocks.

Most significantly, it employs a 1.6-liter 4-cylinder turbo engine that pushes out 188 horsepower and 177 pound-feet of torque  better on both counts than the comparably sized Mini Countryman and the Mazda 3, the standard-bearer for budget-friendly power. The Juke goes when you tell it to, enthusiastically; it gets there, too, with steering that is responsive without being overeager.

The front-wheel-drive SL with a 6-speed manual transmission accelerates from zero to 60 m.p.h. in 7.5 seconds, according to Car and Driver, though my test model, weighed down with all-wheel drive, was a touch slower. The Juke was quick and agile through turns  I never felt whipped around, even in tight corners.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Arriving in Style Just as the Tailgate Party Winds Down</title>
<text>
Considering the rarity of station wagons in America, BMW s new tailgating 3 Series set me wondering: who exactly spends $50,000 or more on a compact wagon, instead of going the usual American route with an S.U.V. or a crossover?

In certain locales scented with artisanal coffee and self-affirmation  college towns, gentrified urban blocks, Ralph Lauren suburbs  the natives have circled the wagons for what may be their last stand. Strangely, considering the station wagons wood-paneled role in American cultural history, todays downsized models rarely seem to have children on board. Instead, they seem to be favored by bearded software developers, practical-performance iconoclasts and empty nesters in mourning for the boxy old Volvos and Subarus they once drove.

Like many people who write about cars, I also have a thing for wagons, the more out-there, the better. For instance, the Cadillac CTS-V, Mercedes E63 AMG and Ferrari FF wagons  the latter the most unexpected of all  make a combined 1,784 horsepower, and their average top speed is nearly 195 m.p.h. But youre as likely to see a Lamborghini at your local Dairy Queen as to spot any of those exotic family haulers pulling up for Xtreme Blizzards.

To ensure their survival, even mainstream wagons may soon need a nature preserve  perhaps a simulated Leave It to Beaver environment of pink houses and picket fences.

This year, Americans have just nine wagon models to choose from, down from 24 in 2004, according to LMC Automotive, an industry research firm. Their percentage of the market, not strong to begin with, slipped to 1.1 percent last year, to a paltry 165,000 sales. (A single model, the Subaru Outback, accounted for 112,000 of those.)

As the enlarged version of the latest 3 Series sedan, the 328i xDrive does its part to keep wagons from extinction.

Its an especially handsome member of its herd, with a squinty version of BMWs twin-kidney grille and a streamlined, scalloped fuselage.

Compared with the former model, the Sports Wagon has grown 3.5 inches in length and almost 2 inches in wheelbase. The BMWs track, or the space between the opposing wheels, is 1.2 inches wider up front and 1.6 inches in back. The result is nearly an inch more of legroom in the back seat and an 8 percent increase in cargo volume, to 53 cubic feet.

For all of a wagons advantages over S.U.V.s  reduced weight, better aerodynamics and mileage, generally superior handling  its relatively low roofline remains the biggest practical demerit.BMWs X3 crossover S.U.V. can fit 62 percent more gear behind its second row and nearly 20 percent more over all. That includes taller, bulkier items  furniture, bicycles, boxes  than the wagon can swallow.

Yet the new BMW makes the most of its modest dimensions. The redesign, which includes more high-strength steel, carves out a larger hatch opening. The load floor is lower to the ground, too, for easier lifting of cargo.

A power tailgate opens via the remote key or an interior button. If you order the Comfort Access feature, the tailgate swings open when you wiggle a foot under the rear bumper, a useful hands-free feature first offered by Ford.

The rear seat folds flat in a 40-20-40 arrangement, making it easy to haul, say, four sets of skis for four passengers. The cargo area gets four tie-downs, a 12-volt outlet and coat hooks. With run-flat tires eliminating the spare, theres extra space under the floor; in a clever touch, the retracting rear luggage cover detaches for storage below deck when its not needed. A rear-view camera with a 360-degree top-down view, part of a $1,900 Driver Assistance Package, made it a breeze to park without scraping the pretty 18-inch alloy rims on the curb.

Figuring theres no sense importing myriad models to satisfy a tiny cult of American wagon enthusiasts, BMW offers only xDrive all-wheel-drive versions with the excellent 8-speed automatic transmission. So theres no rear-drive version, no manual transmission and no 335i variant with its turbocharged 300-horsepower in-line 6.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>At Ozarks Lodge, Natural History (and Golf)</title>
<text>
Big Cedar Lodge in the Ozark Mountains in Missouri, will introduce a recreational and cultural complex called Top of the Rock in June that will feature a natural history museum, several restaurants, spa, golf courses and even a chapel.

With clear views of the mountains and Table Rock Lake, Top of the Rock is accessible from the main resort by a 2.5-mile nature trail; guests may use resort-provided electric carts.

The formal entrance to the 462-acre extension starts at the four-story Lost Canyon Cave, a natural formation accessorized with an elevator, waterfall, several balconies and a cave bar. Those athletically inclined can tee off at the cliff-top, three-part golf course designed by Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Tom Watson.

An Ozarks natural history museum showcases carbon-dated skeletons of a Missouri mammoth, cave lion, and a ground sloth in the lobby (an entrance fee applies). Dioramas of prehistoric creatures that once roamed the area can be viewed on the lower level, as well as Native American and Osage Indian artifacts.

There is also a varied dining scene: Arnies Barn  a casual Mexican restaurant  is a reconstructed wooden barn that was disassembled by hand in the Pennsylvania hometown of Mr. Palmer. The Osage restaurant features American-style cuisine, an all-American wine cellar as well as whiskey and cigar and Cognac rooms.

There is also a gothic-style wedding chapel with steeple bell tower, and a honeymoon cabin graces one edge of the extension. European-style treatments will be offered at the full-service Cedar Creek Spa, which has a stone-walled indoor grotto pool.

Top of the Rock is the highest point in the county, and I have a lot of emotional and personal attachment to the area, John Morris, founder of Bass Pro Shops and owner of the resort, said in a telephone interview. It is exciting to showcase our part of the world and connect people to nature and to our past, he said.

All of these upgrades wont mean steeper lodging rates at the original 246-room resort, where prices start from $179.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>In the Bronx, 20 Kids and Counting</title>
<text>
One of the first things Stephen Reiss noticed about Eshey Scarborough-Harriss office were the photos she had of her children. There were a lot. More than a dozen.

I complimented her on her beautiful family and we started talking about it and I realized that she had too many pictures, Mr. Reiss said. A lot more pictures than most people had.

It turned out that Ms. Scarborough-Harris and her partner, Paris Harris, had been foster parents to some 20 girls and young women at their South Bronx home in Mott Haven. Many had some form of disability, and a few identified as L.G.B.T. Some might think the Bronxs blue-collar and immigrant neighborhoods make it an unlikely place for a lesbian couple to help raise more than 20 children. But a 2008 report by the Williams Institute at the University of California, Los Angeles, showed same-sex couples in the Bronx were actually more likely to have children than in any other New York City borough  and maybe more than in any county in the country.

According to Gary J. Gates, one of the reports authors, black and Hispanic same-sex couples are likelier to have children than similar white couples. The Bronxs affordability and higher percentage of black and Hispanic residents, Mr. Gates said, could account for its large number of same sex parents.

Ms. Scarborough-Harris said they felt compelled to shelter and nurture youths whose lives had already endured enough hardship and uncertainty.

We believe the service we give is the rent we pay to stay on the planet, Ms. Scarborough-Harris said. Its been 10 years and 20 kids, and it just doesnt look like its going to end.

She was managing a center for the elderly when she first encountered Mr. Reiss, who was assigned by his teacher at the International Center of Photography to photograph elderly New Yorkers. After a day of shooting, he sat in Ms. Scarborough-Harriss office, where he saw her family photos. Their chance meeting and conversation intrigued him and led to a five-year  and counting  project documenting a vibrant and complicated Bronx family.

Ms. Scarborough-Harris and Ms. Harris originally envisioned providing housing for lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender youth who had few alternatives. That evolved into a near-constant flow of girls and young women  L.G.B.T. and not  to the point where the couple was fostering six teenage girls attending four high schools.

When he first arrived, Mr. Reiss was daunted by the prospect of visually relating the tangled histories of the many women living in the house. There was Karoline, whom Ms. Harris legally adopted while Mr. Reiss was photographing the family. Then there was Shalena Scott, who had two young children of her own. After aging out of foster care, Shalena was unable to care for her children and was forced to place them in the foster system.

Daybelis Ramirez, whom Mr. Reiss described as a foster-care success story, was also present. When she came to the house, she could barely speak English, according to Ms. Harris. Now she is an honor student at a college in upstate New York with a grade-point average of 3.8. She will graduate this May.

Its a lot of pride being able to sit and know that all the time and energy we have invested is going to be invested by the kids into themselves, Ms. Scarborough-Harris said.

Following each thread individually and weaving them into a narrative proved a challenge for Mr. Reiss. Gaining the childrens trust was difficult, because some of those in the Harris household, and the foster care system in general, suffered from past abuse, neglect or mental illness. The project made Mr. Reiss encounter situations he had little experience with: same-sex couples, the foster care system, working in the Bronx.

 

 Its difficult, he said. And it doesnt work out perfectly with everyone. Everyone has their individual personalities; everyone has their individual schedule. They are very busy in that house. Theres a lot of energy.

Time. Time researching, time talking and even time spent there without a camera. For months he visited the house weekly. Now in his second year as a masters student at Ohio University, he returns often for day-to-day life and important holidays and events, like graduations. Last summer, he received the Magnum Foundation Fellowship, which enabled him to return to New York and revisit the family more regularly.

You have to do your research and you have to put in your hours talking with these people, interviewing them and figuring out about their lives, he said. And I think that informs the photography a lot. Thats the best way to shoot: deliberately and with purpose.

Both Ms. Scarborough-Harris and Ms. Harris find that the issues facing young girls only redouble their commitment. The couple only takes in girls older than 14, who they feel risk falling through the systems cracks. As each girl leaves their care, they wonder if she will be their last.

But there is always one more who needs a home.

Mr. Reiss, too, has a lot left to document. His experiences with the Harris family have motivated him to continue the project by following the young women he met, and explore life after foster care.

People want to know about it, he said. And I think its my job as a documentarian to try and inform people about this issue right in their backyard.

Follow @jakenaughton and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The New York Times</title>
<text>
For four generations of Ferragamo women, fashion is about much more than business.

One of the oldest restaurants in the world, Turins fabled but faded Del Cambio, has been revived and returned to its former glory, only this time with great food.

The Scene | Shelter From the Storm While Rockaway, Queens, continues to rebound after Hurricane Sandy, the director of MoMA PS1, Klaus Biesenbach, emerges as its great white-haired hope  and its most welcoming party host.

A case for taking the scenic route  not by boat or bike, but on two feet.

A Picture and a Poem | Life in the Balance The artist Taryn Simon finds the balancing act in Robert Pinskys meditation on agricultural greed.

Vintage-style swimwear evokes the bygone days of stolen weekends and day trips to the beach.

By Design | The Narrative of Home As with her novels, the decoration of the Milan apartment belonging to Italian writer Benedetta Cibrario reveals an obsession with moments gone by and objects that mark the passage of time.

Having cut a stylish swath from Brussels to Bombay, the free-spirited designer and hotelier Loulou Van Damme has returned to her birthplace in the Palani Hills for her latest adventure.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Old and New Cast Join in X-Men: Days of Future Past</title>
<text>
Even compared with other self-serious superhero franchises  the brooding Dark Knight saga, the agonized Amazing Spider-Man, the hectic Avengers house party  the X-Men series wears its allegorical heart on its sleeve. In chronicling the adventures of a despised minority with extraordinary powers, the movies, like the Marvel comic books before them, poke around in some interesting social and political hot zones. The central conflict is the endless moral and political argument between Professor X and Magneto: in other words, between the accommodationist idea that the mutants should fight for the moral redemption of the humans, and the militant insistence that they should defend their own interests by any means necessary.

X-Men: Days of Future Past, directed (like most of its predecessors) by Bryan Singer, situates this struggle in the 1970s, though how it arrives in that era is a bit complicated. The main action, which takes place around the Paris peace talks that ended the Vietnam War, is framed by an apocalyptic battle in the distant future. A bunch of familiar mutants, including Professor X and Magneto (played as older men by Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen) are under siege by the Sentinels, fearsome, human-designed robots that descend from coffin-shaped airships and that seem to have neutralized any genetic advantage the mutants might have had.

The only hope is to send someone back in time to prevent the things from being invented, a journey that only Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) is strong enough to undertake. Assisted by Kitty Pryde (Ellen Page), he zips into the past and wakes up in a strange bed with a pretty companion beside him and Roberta Flack on the radio.

Wolverines task is, in effect, to get the band back together, which means rousing proto-Professor X, Charles Xavier (James McAvoy), from a drug-addicted malaise; springing proto-Magneto, Erik Lehnsherr (Michael Fassbender), from lockdown (hes been blamed for the Kennedy assassination); and tracking down the elusive, shape-shifting, bright blue and super-angry Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence), also known as Raven. Crucial assistance is provided by the Beast (Nicholas Hoult) and a speedy teenager (Evan Peters) who will eventually become Quicksilver and who anchors a showstopping action sequence in the kitchen of the Pentagon.

Not every moment is quite so inspired as that one, an intricate, freeze-frame slapstick ballet that fuses the pop playfulness of the old comics with the latest digital gimmickry. Far less effective, for example, is a climactic bit in which the enraged Erik, having donned a helmet that pays incidental homage to Professor Chaos of South Park, levitates a sports stadium and plops it down on the White House lawn. This must have seemed like a good idea to someone, but, in practice, it seems, for both Magneto and Mr. Singer, like gratuitous, imagination-deficient grandstanding.

And that, of course, is the big risk in a movie like this. So much has already been done, so much is supposedly demanded by fans, that any given installment in a multisequel enterprise can feel like the hysterical pursuit of diminishing returns. In the case of Days of Future Past, the plot is as overelaborate and muddled as some of the effects. The clever historical revisionism of X-Men: First Class (a high point in the series, along with X2: X-Men United) has given way to a more slapdash mix of period detail and clumsy anachronism.

The logic of the story  a time-travel pretzel that strains after the brain-teasing power of an old Star Trek episode  requires too many variables. The frantic crosscutting of the culminating battles, which take place simultaneously and also a half-century apart, requires too much thought on the part of the audience because it has received too little on the part of the filmmakers.

But, as usual, the characters  and the performers playing them  step unto the breach to provide just enough wit and feeling to make Days of Future Past something other than a waste of a reasonable persons time. The film has found an excellent villain in the person of Peter Dinklage, playing a mutant-hating arms manufacturer with the excellent name of Bolivar Trask.

But the psychology of anti-mutant prejudice has never really been Mr. Singers main concern. The anger of the mutants remains the most interesting part of his X-Men movies, and the dramatic and emotional heart of the franchise. Each of the main mutants deals with it in a different way: Erik with icy, self-righteous fury; Charles with melancholy humanism; Mystique with an anarchists drive to mess things up; Wolverine with world-weary stoicism. The actors tackle the roles without winking or condescension, and it is nice to see them together again, however distracting the circumstances. They will, of course, return, since in the superhero world, as in the real one, some problems can never really be solved, only put to rest in between episodes.

X-Men: Days of Future Past is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned). High-impact, mostly bloodless violence and a few glimpses of mutant buttocks.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Unexpected Expense</title>
<text>
In my estimation, this one was just  a cute idea. Ive seen much better from Peter A. Collins, but this one will suffice to get us through to our midweek and eventually our late-week challenges.

The reason Im feeling somewhat mixed about this solving experience is because of the time it took to suss out the theme and because of the difficulty I had in the southern portion of the puzzle. By my standards, Tuesdays should be light and airy, just a hair more challenging than a Monday. My writing implement should glide smoothly from entry to entry, with maybe a speed bump once or twice to prolong the pleasure.

I sort of had that going on in the northern part of the puzzle, although I had to get CES (These:Fr., a clue that strikes me as somewhat Wednesdayish or Thursdayish in nature) from the crossings. I continued through the center of the puzzle, still scribbling away, and then I noticed that I had stopped writing altogether. At 50 Down, I had written in A LOOP for Thrown for ___ but realized when I read the clues for 62- and 65 Across that the answer was really A LOSS. Legitimate, but not as common, I believe. I did not know that the Montreal Canadiens were familiarly known as HABs, but then again, I dont really follow hockey. I also wasnt familiar with the Hootie and the Blowfish song, I GO Blind. The last square I filled in, and this was just by closing my eyes, holding my breath and guessing, was the E in 64 Across. TINNED was not a familiar way to refer to plating something to my ears, mostly because I just dont think of removing something from a can and putting it on a plate as TINNING it. And I knew that Schrdinger was an ___RWIN, but I couldnt remember if he was an ERWIN or an IRWIN.

On a positive note, all four of the theme entries plus the reveal HIDDEN COST are making their debut today, and if you havent already guessed, the word COST is hidden in the theme entries at the end of the first word in each phrase and the beginning of the second. I also liked DUCK BILL and A MAN DOWN.

Also, Clue of the Day goes to Times up, a fun way to think about AT BAT.

Some puzzles go from conception to publication in a matter of several weeks. Some others languish in prison for years. This is one of the latter. I mailed it in over three years ago, and for three years its been peeking through the bars of its cell wondering when it would be set free. My very own little Jean Valjean. Maybe the Innocence Project needs to look into this. Im glad that all the themed entries are two words long, so there arent any unnecessary tag-alongs that dont contribute. Including extra words always makes the theme a little less elegant . For instance, if Id chosen to use NEW MEXICO STATE, the NEW would just go along for the ride  like its third-wheeling on a date or something. Never a good idea. I do remember trying to brainstorm themed entries that break COST other than between the O and S (MAGIC OSTRICH?, Pecos Bills little brother PECOS TIM?), but didnt have much luck, so I went for the consistency of having them all split the same way. As for the fill, I like A MAN DOWN. Its one of those rare phrases where the indefinite article is necessary. MAN DOWN doesnt make sense, and no self-respecting hockey player would say the Blackhawks are playing ONE MAN DOWN.

Ah, HANSON. They were adorable when they were young uns, werent they? What?! You missed their breakout hit? Well, here you go:</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Fees Charged by Brokers, Condos and Co-ops</title>
<text>
Ask Real Estate is a weekly online column that answers questions from across the New York region. Submit yours to realestateqa@nytimes.com.nfair Brokers Fee

Q. I live in a two-bedroom apartment with aroommatewhose name is on the lease. She is moving out June 1, and Id like to take over the lease. My rent will increase from $2,450 a month to $2,500. Even though I already live in the apartment, the property manager is insisting that I go through their broker who will charge me a $4,500 fee (15 percent of one years rent) to transfer the lease to my name. The broker didnt have to show the apartment, and the property manager wont have to renovate between leaseholders. Is this fee legal? Or is it all too common?

A. Few New Yorkers like paying a brokers fee, which often feels like an outsized sum for the service provided. It must be vexing to write that check for an apartment you already live in. But, unfortunately, you will probably have to hand over the cash.

Its unusually harsh, said Victoria Vinokur, a broker for Halstead Property. At the same time, I am not surprised by anything.

It is likely that the management company has an exclusive arrangement with the broker. Even though the broker isnt showing you the apartment, you are still considered a new tenant. So, he might have to conduct a background check, file paperwork and vet your finances, which takes time. Remember, the landlord is not required to add a roommate to the lease, so he could have simply asked you to move out when your roommate didnt renew her lease. He probably could have raised your rent by much more than $50.

There is nothing presumptively illegal about a landlord requiring a prospective tenant to work with a broker, said Lucas A. Ferrara, a real estate lawyer and professor at New York Law School.

Try to put your overall costs in perspective. The average rent for a two-bedroom apartment in a non-doorman building on the Lower East Side was $3,459 a month in March, according to a report by MNS. (With the summer rental season heating up, rents will likely climb even higher this summer.) So, even after you factor in your fee, you will still pay far less than market rate. If you move, youll likely pay that 15 percent fee to another broker  on a much more expensive apartment.

You could try to negotiate the fee. But instead, use this as an opportunity to ask the property manager to make some repairs. You say that the apartment wont be renovated. But maybe management could swap out an old stove for a newer one. Is there a leaky faucet that could use some attention? Maybe the bathroom could be caulked or the tiles reglazed. Theres no time like the present to ask for a few bells and whistles.

Q. I own three units in a West 42nd Street condo and am renting all of them out. Recently, the board imposed an annual fee of $1,000 for any units that are rented. They are doing everything in their power to punish owners who rent out their units. It is unfair and frustrating. Is it legal to discriminate against owners who do not reside in the building, but instead rent their units?

A. If you are renting out the units as a way to make money, it certainly doesnt help your bottom line if you have to pay the condo for the privilege. Nevertheless, condo boards frequently charge unit owners a sublet fee, as unfair as that might seem.

Try to consider the buildings position: a rotating cast of subletters in the building taxes resources. Subletters, like all tenants, request services from the super and doorman. There might be other costs the building has to absorb, too. Because condos are considered real property, the board has few options when it comes to limiting the practice. It can charge a fee or set minimum time limits, but it cannot ban subletters altogether.

Check the buildings governing documents to make sure that the board has the right to impose the fee. But, assuming they do, in the world of condo fees, $1,000 a year is not a hefty one, especially if youre collecting market rate rent on a Midtown apartment.

A thousand dollars is reasonable, said Pierre E. Debbas, a real estate lawyer. It should not be construed as punishing unit owners.

Things could be worse. You could own three units in a co-op, which could ban the practice entirely. Many of the co-ops that do permit subletting enact draconian fees like a charge of 20 percent of the gross monthly rent. So, next time leases come up, factor that sublet fee into the rent.

A Flip Tax By Another Name

Q. About 10 years ago, shareholders in my co-op rejected an amendment to the proprietary lease to enact a flip tax. So the board instituted a flat $500 administrative fee whenever a property is sold. A few years later, the board replaced the flat fee with a $5 per share fee, calling it a modest administrative fee. Recently, the board increased this fee to $15 per share, which translates to about $3,000 for an average shareholder. This seems like more than a modest administrative fee and looks like a flip tax. Do you agree and what is my recourse?

A. Many co-ops look at apartment sales as an opportunity to raise money. What better time to hit up a shareholder for cash than when he is about to move out with an enormous check in hand?

The fee your co-op is charging is modest compared to most flip taxes, which are generally about 2 percent of the selling price. However, it is too large to be an administrative fee. What administrative costs could possibly add up to $3,000? These sorts of outlandish charges are hard to enforce because courts generally look at them as profit centers in disguise.

This is a backdoor flip tax and the court would shoot it down, said Bruce A. Cholst, a real estate lawyer.

So what can you do? Find an attorney to write a firm letter to the co-op boards attorney citing case law that shows that the co-op doesnt have a leg to stand on. Youll have to pay the attorney for his time, but it will be less expensive than taking the co-op board to court. (If the board really wants that flip tax, they should do what they failed to do a decade ago: convince shareholders to vote in favor of an amendment to the co-ops proprietary lease to enact a flip tax.)

But before you take up the banner for your new cause, remember that the board is not simply trying to bleed you dry. It needs to raise money to run the building. So while your letter might get them to back away from the tax, they will have to find the cash in other unpleasant ways. For example, the board could issue a special assessment, which could have a chilling effect on apartment values.

This is a tempest in a teapot, said Bruce Bronster, a real estate lawyer. If they cant get the flip tax and they need the money, what else are they going to do?</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The Final Frontier, in Photographs</title>
<text>
There it is  the whole shebang. Or whats left of the Big Bang, if you want to be precise and scientific about it. The trippy scene, all fall colors and gray splotches, was built from data captured by NASAs Spitzer Space Telescope and puts in visual form the remaining background light from when the universe was less than one billion years old.

This is just one of the many images  some gorgeous, some weird  that comprise two new exhibitions at George Eastman House in Rochester: The History of Space Photography and Astro-Visions. The exhibitions, which will run through Jan. 12, display about 150 images related to astronomy, from 19th-century observatory photos to images from robotic photographers roaming the heavens.

The History of Space Photography, a traveling exhibition created by the California/International Arts Foundation, pulls together a vast array of images from around the world  and beyond. Astro-Visions consists of images from the enormous Eastman collection itself, which has more than four million objects, including photographs, motion pictures and equipment and books.

My goal was not only to show items that related to space, but also to show how artists and scientists have envisioned space, said Jamie M. Allen, assistant curator of photographs at the Eastman House. As with many of the institutions exhibits, she said, the overall goal is to illuminate the history of photography  in this case, the history of scientific photography.

These days, you can fill hard drives with images from sites like Astronomy Picture of the Day. So whats special about this exhibit? Its the sweep of the thing: The famous gelatin silver print of a rocket ship poking the man in the moon in the eye, an arresting moment from Georges Mlis and his landmark film, A Trip to the Moon, is here; and the first photo of Earths south polar ice cap, taken during Apollo 17, is too. The exhibits also display the important scientific uses of the photos, with gorgeous examples of satellite shots that provide insights into geology, oceanography and environmental science.

Several of the images have historical significance: One shows what the exhibition calls the first image of the global biosphere, a composite of data collected between 1978 and 1980 by NASAs Nimbus-7 satellite, which puts the worlds vegetation on display. Others are more up to the moment, like delicate tracings of the Mississippi River delta as seen in a 2010 image from the Thermal Emission and Reflection Radio meter on NASAs Terra satellite.

So you like planets  that is, planets besides Mother Earth? Here they are: images from the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratorys unmanned vehicles of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. Saturn, ever the glamour puss, is represented in a stunning backlit shot from the Cassini spacecraft, silhouetted against the sun, its rings hypnotic in their beauty.

The exhibit also includes objects that show Kodaks contributions to space photography, including its work on shutterbug spacecraft like the lunar orbiters  the museum even has a spare NASA orbiter on display.

There is less scientific fare, too. Along with the image from A Trip to the Moon (above), there is a still from Roger Vadims Barbarella and work by Bill Finger, an artist who has fantasized life on Mars in pictures both funny and haunting.

My goal was always to put the real space photography alongside the fictional space photography, Ms. Allen said. She was fascinated by the way that artists dreams helped predict and even shape the future of space exploration  as when, in the Mlis film, his moon explorers fell back to Earth and landed in the ocean, as real Apollo astronauts would later do.

But she also noted how many of the photographic images of real objects are altered to transform phenomena outside of the visible spectrum into images that can be seen. That way, Ms. Allen said, the exhibition shows how what we imagine becomes reality  and how reality becomes fiction.

The History of Space Photography and Astro-Visions are on view at the George Eastman House in Rochester through Jan. 12, 2014.

Follow @jswatz and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Pet Portraitist</title>
<text>
</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>The "Shame of Memory" Haunts a War Photographer</title>
<text>
PERPIGNAN, France  A 13th-century church is a fitting location for the exhibition of war photographs by Don McCullin, a man intent on paying public penance. Most photographers would be proud of the honors and accolades showered on Mr. McCullin at Perpignans Visa Pour lImage festival this week.

Instead, he recoiled in shame, as if the words had wounded him.

Photography was a beautiful thing to me, Mr. McCullin, 77, said. But once I started putting my hands in the blood and suffering of war I became really disillusioned. I would stand in front of men who were going to be executed in front of me, crying, looking at me and hoping I could stop their murder. There were dying children in Africa who were starving, and I would come to a feeding center. They would think here was a white man, he is going to bring some food aid. All I had was a Nikon camera around my neck.

His images from Vietnam and Biafra are direct and intimate, a departure from some conflict images on display that were more stylized and self-conscious. His exhibit, curated by Robert Pledge, towered over the others at the festival. Mr. McCullin received the first Le Figaro Lifetime Achievement Visa dOr award on Wednesday, but the next day during a panel discussion he was back at his Shakespearean best, explaining his reluctance to accept acclaim for his decades of bearing witness to some of mankinds worst atrocities.

At the end of the day, after years and years of assuming you can steal the pain of people in your pictures and the suffering of soldiers, civilians and starving children and dying children that drop dead in front of you, you have to suffer the shame of memory and then you have to somehow live with it, sleep with it, understand it without trying to become insane, he said. Nobody said that you have to get on this airplane and go to these wars and make these terrible images. I did it. I have to accept the responsibility.

Mr. McCullin is widely considered one of the greatest living war photographers, along with David Douglas Duncan, 97. The two appeared on a panel on the topic along with John Morris, 96, the legendary photo editor who has worked with both of them as well as with Robert Capa. They were joined by photographers Patrick Chauvel and Yuri Kozyrev.

During the panel, they sparred over the potential effect of photographs.

We havent changed a thing, Mr. McCullin said. Once the Syrian war is over you can bet your life there will be another tragedy in my lifetime. We will not see the end of war and suffering.

Mr. Morris, who has worked for Life magazine, Magnum and The New York Times, strongly disagreed. He pointed to the impact of Eddie Adamss Saigon execution photo and Nick Uts image of a Cambodian girl after being napalmed, both of which he put in The New York Times when he was director of photography.

Also attending the festival was Santiago Lyon, director of photography for The Associated Press. Though he is now in charge of hundreds of photographers around the world, Mr. Lyon was a respected conflict photographer himself, covering El Salvador, the first Gulf War, Croatia, Bosnia, Kosovo and Somalia. In an interview this week, he weighed in on the effect of war images, saying that this notion of eliminating impunity was an important motivation for conflict photography.

Because there were photographs, you cant pretend that we didnt know that these things happened, he said. Now what we do about them is different, but while I think its nave to think one particular picture is going to change the course of events, I think its true that a body of work can influence the course of events. When you look at, for example, the effects of A.P.s coverage in Vietnam, which was instrumental for some people in shaping their perception of the war and I would say probably played some role in the way policies were finally carried out.

While the festival, with the exception of Mr. McCullin, celebrated war photography, the conflict in Syria and the debate over a possible United States military response dominated conversation. Several top awards went to photo coverage from Syria: Laurent Van der Stockt of Reportage for Getty Images won the top award Visa dOr News for his coverage of Syria, including the aftermath of a chemical weapons attack.

Jean-Franois Leroy, the festivals director, is torn about photojournalists covering the conflict in Syria. While he said it was important that the world pay attention to the more than 100,000 people who have died in the war, it has become increasingly dangerous to work there, with dozens of journalists kidnapped or killed in the last six months. Today, few international photojournalists are working in Syria, and most major publications and wire services are sending neither staff members nor freelance photographers to areas where there is fighting.

I think that going to Syria today is suicidal, Mr. Leroy said. Once you get into Syria its hard to know who is who, and your fixer might sell you for money.

Mr. Leroys friend Stanley Greene went to Syria this year without an assignment and was wounded by shrapnel. Mr. Leroy said he lost many hours of sleep while Mr. Greene was in Syria. Later, Mr. Leroy refused to look at the photographs or consider them for exhibit at the festival.

I lost so many friends during the Arab Spring, he said. I lost Rmy Ochlik and one year before Chris [Hondros] and Tim [Hetherington]. Im fed up with picking up the phone and hearing one of my friends died. As Don McCullin said, No picture is worth losing your life over. 

Mr. Leroy is so worried about the targeting of journalists in Syria that he has pledged to neither exhibit nor promote photographers who cover Syria without insurance and an assignment from a major news organization, which he feels are better suited to protect photographers who are kidnapped or injured.

But the pull of war is strong.

Despite his protestations about the futility of photographing war, even Mr. McCullin went to Syria briefly this year. He found that at 77 he was unable to run fast enough wearing a flak jacket when he was being fired at. In retrospect, he felt it was a mistake to have gone.

But it is young photographers who have always flocked to war, making a name for themselves by being on the front lines and putting themselves at risk. And many still want to cover Syria, driven by idealism, fame or adventure.

Syria offers extreme dangers, but all conflict photographers started without experience. They went out and were usually helped by more experienced peers.

One of the most popular exhibits in Perpignan was shot by an inexperienced 27-year-old with a Rolleiflex whose career as a photographer spanned a total of four weeks in Normandy in July 1944. The photographer survived, but decided that this sort of work was best left to experienced professionals.

John Morris, then with Life, was editing the military pool photographers working in France, including Robert Capa and Robert Landry. While they were away shooting, Mr. Morris decided to take photographs himself. After the war, those 12 rolls of negatives sat untouched for decades until Mr. Morris examined them earlier this year.

Although both Mr. McCullin and Mr. Duncan praised the medium-format square images of life along the sidelines of World War II, Mr. Morris protested that he was not a photographer  someone found them in a drawer. Those images, discovered by Robert Pledge, will be published in a book in April 2014 for the 70th commemoration of the D-Day.

Perhaps the world was better off with Mr. Morris becoming one of the most influential photo editors of the 20th century. One does wonder what would have happened had he pursued his own photography.

But he has not.

It is easier and safer to be a desk man, he said, and you get lunch.

Follow @JamesEstrin and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Lens is also on Facebook.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Cylinders Missing, but Not Missed</title>
<text>
WHAT IS IT? The familiar roadster with a radically downsized engine.

HOW MUCH? $49,525 base price. As tested, $58,225 including M Sport package ($3,900), premium package ($3,300), metallic paint ($550) and premium sound ($950).

WHAT MAKES IT RUN? A 2-liter turbo 4 with 240 horsepower and a lusty 260 pound-feet of torque.

HOW FAST IS IT? Quicker than the 6-cylinder model it replaces, at an estimated 5.5 seconds from 0 to 60 m.p.h.

IS IT THIRSTY? Federal estimates arent final, but BMW expects a mileage gain of 15 to 20 percent, to roughly 21/32 m.p.g. in city and highway.

LET the experiment begin: with its new 4-cylinder engine, BMW is betting that Americans can focus on the green road ahead rather than whats under the hood.

BMW, the Zen master of the in-line 6, is going the downsizing, fuel-saving route in the Z4 roadster, switching out its base engine  a 3-liter, naturally aspirated smoothie  for a 2-liter turbo 4. Its the Bavarians first attempt to sell a 4-banger in the United States since 1999.

As guinea pigs go, they dont get much more cuddly than the Z4, a pretty hardtop convertible thats especially suited to this 4-cylinder tryout. The test gets trickier in October, when BMW will offer this TwinPower engine in the much-larger 528i, the lowest-priced version of the 5 Series sedan.

For BMW fans addicted to 6 cylinders who would howl bait and switch, the company has technology and numbers on its side. The new engine is stronger, smaller, lighter and drinks much less. TwinPowers bag of tricks includes direct injection and a slick twin-scroll turbocharger: exhaust gases from pairs of cylinders are kept separate and fed into dual turbine scrolls, reducing turbulence and the lag between a punch of the gas pedal and a whistling rush of turbo power.

And thats some rush. With 240 horsepower, the engine has 15 fewer horses than the former 6, but has gained 40 pound-feet of torque. Its 260 pound-feet peaks at a remarkably low 1,250 r.p.m., compared with 2,750 for the 6.

BMW next bolted on its excellent 8-speed automatic transmission, although a 6-speed manual is optional.

Fuel conservation measures include a start-stop system that shuts down the engine at traffic lights, though it restarts with a ragged feel; the driver can bypass the system with a button.

BMW says the engine, with the 6-speed manual, shaves 0.1 second from the old models 0-to-60 m.p.h. time, at 5.5 seconds. The company claims a 0.4-second gain, at 5.6 seconds, with the automatic.

Spur the engine as intended and theres surprising muscle either around town or on the open road. And this 4-banger sounds terrific; a chesty 7,000-r.p.m. rasp replaces the 6-cylinders soothing chamber music.

Considering the engines happy tune and flexible power, Im curious whether this Z4 will create a dont ask dont tell situation: if customers dont inquire, or peek under the hood, will sales associates happily sell this Z4 without mentioning the missing 2 cylinders?

For relatively brisk duty, the BMWs lovely silhouette, deluxe interior and smooth ride make for a fine companion. Yet the Z4 chassis still isnt fully in tune with the rest of the car.

The harder you push, the more the BMW loses the thread. The body rolls, the steering goes light and surrenders, the back end bobbles. Even with my test cars M Sport package  including larger 18-inch wheels and driver-adjustable suspension, steering and throttle  the BMW couldnt match the hang-on thrills of the Porsche Boxster or the new, remarkably agile Mercedes SLK.

The unfathomable part is how BMW routinely designs two-ton sport sedans and 2.5-ton S.U.V.s that deliver pure handling magic, but cannot manage the trick with a small two-seater.

As always, Chez Bimmer doesnt serve free lunch. At $49,525 to start, the 28i costs $2,150 more than last years 6-cylinder model. That premium does include new features, including Bluetooth, Xenon headlamps and a trunk pass-through.

Still, the 28i far undercuts the 300-horsepower 35i (at $56,025) or the 335-horse 35is (at $65,075), while crushing their 17/24 m.p.g. economy. In comparison with those models, this Z4s math is easy: Subtract 2 cylinders, save thousands in payments and fuel bills and draw just as many stares.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Why Won't McDonald's Really Lead?</title>
<text>
Every McDonalds executive Ive met who happens to be a parent says something like this: I dont let my kids eat at McDonalds all the time. Its a treat; we know that. Yet these same executives, in literature and in public, say that theyre championing childrens well-being.

Big Mac is confused. It remains among the worlds most envied brands, yet its unique position means it must  or at least should  lead within the industry. But despite the companys claims, its tardiness in marketing real, healthful food solidifies Big Macs public image as a pusher and profiteer of junk food, incapable of doing (or unwilling to do) the right thing. Envied by the competition, beloved by at least some customers, McDonalds is reviled by those who see it as setting undesirable eating patterns in children, patterns that remain for life.

 

 Despite the fact that the company removed images of soda from national advertising for its Happy Meals, it comprises 57 percent of the beverages sold to kids. And, despite a well-publicized announcement a couple of weeks ago that promised to market only water, milk and juice in its Happy Meal advertising, theres little sign of the sugar-peddling diminishing. Its true that 21 percent of all Happy Meals are now sold with milk, but the vast majority of that is chocolate milk, which, according to the companys fascinating nutrition charts (you should look), contains about 10 grams of added sugar per serving, about the same as youd get in 20 M&Ms. This is progress?

Yet McDonalds is as good a spinmaster as any. (Theyre like Speaker Boehner: in the history books already, but still with a chance to influence the reason.) Thus, on Sept. 26, the company and some surprising allies descended on New York with yet another announcement about its healthier food.

The news was developed in conjunction with the Alliance for a Healthier Generation (what were they thinking?), a joint venture of the Clinton Global Initiative and the American Heart Association. And although it would have been fun to see the former president preach his part-time veganism to his McDonalds partners  Hey guys! How about a Meatless Monday?  instead we found Big Bill less critical of McDonalds than he was of welfare. We learned mostly that the company will increase customers access to fruit and vegetables and help families and children to make informed choices in keeping with balanced lifestyles. You can imagine.

First McDonalds promised that it would no longer promote and market soda in Happy Meals; only time will tell if thats the precise truth [1] . This means, according to a spokeswoman, that within five years, sodas will no longer be listed on the Happy Meal menu boards in the specified 20 major markets that represent 85% of our global sales.

It doesnt mean youll be asked only whether your kid prefers milk, water or juice; it just means there wont be pictures of soda with Happy Meals on the menu boards. Its not like milk will become the default. No: McDonalds will actively discourage the drinking of soda (likely its most profitable item and among the least healthy items in the American diet) only when its forced to.

The company also pledges to offer fruit, a vegetable or a salad with so-called Value Meals for those customers who would prefer one of those instead of fries. You could say this would expand choice, and youd be right; its not a complete failure. But as they say, no one goes into McDonalds looking for salad.

McDonalds and its brethren want some love; they want people like Marion Nestle, Michele Simon and me to stop kvetching and instead acknowledge that theyre making great strides in promoting health rather than illth [2]  but only the most gullible buy that.

For example. The company boasts of having served 440 million cups [3] of fruits and vegetables to its customers between mid-2012 and mid-2013. But lets do some math: McDonalds serves 28,000,000 people a day, which translates to around 10 billion customers a year. So those 440 million cups? Thats only about .04 cups more per customer, per day.

I used to joke that many Americans counted the lettuce on a hamburger as a serving of vegetables. But its not a leaf of lettuce: its a shred. It would appear that McDonalds idea of bold nutrition moves (a phrase used by McDonalds senior vice president Greg Watson) is a shred of lettuce.

The timetable for even these modest changes  which, for all we know, will preclude any meaningful changes during the phase-in period  is laughable: it will take place in 30 to 50 percent of 20 major markets within three years and the remainder of those markets by 2020. So in seven years most McDonalds customers a) wont have soda forced upon them and b) will, upon request, be able to not have fries with that.

McDonalds thinks its customers are afraid of change, and it may be right; but its in a bind. The company is already failing with the coveted millennials market and may even be losing steam when it comes to kids. A bold marketing move would see real food and real health as a huge opportunity in fast food, and the dozens of successful new companies that do so are starting to eat McDonalds lunch.

But although Mr. Watson told me that at any given time there are around 50 new products being tested in the Mickey D pipeline, the company is afraid that its customers just arent ready for something like a veggie burger. They say things like, You told us youre trying harder to be more nutrition-minded for yourself and for your family. We listened. But what they do is introduce McWraps  many of which have unfavorable nutrition profiles even when compared to burgers  and make it marginally easier for the best-educated, most assertive of their customers to demand marginally better choices.

If McDonalds wanted to be on the right side of history, it would announce something like this: Starting tomorrow, were not offering soda with Happy Meals except by specific request. And starting Jan. 1, at every McDonalds, well be offering a small burger with a big salad for the price of a burger and fries to anyone who asks for it; were also adding a chopped salad McWrap. We challenge our competitors to follow us in making fast food as healthful as it is affordable, and we dare our critics to say were not changing.

That aint gonna happen. But if it did, Id be the first in line to applaud.

1. Its a little Inside Baseball, but this is causing a big kerfuffle. What did they say and what did they mean? I think what they mean is, Were going to promote soda less aggressively. O.K.

3. Compare this to something like a billion pounds of beef.

Correction: An earlier version of this article misstated the additional number of cups of fruits and vegetables customers are getting. It is .04 cups per day, not per year.

As of October 2013, Mark Bittmans column can be found in a new location in the Opinion section </text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Fatal Film Accident Prompts Wrongful Death Suit</title>
<text>
LOS ANGELES  A legal fight over responsibility for a fatal film accident erupted on Wednesday as the parents of Sarah Jones, who was killed by a train on a movie set in February, sued a number of filmmakers, the CSX rail line, the Rayonier landowning company and others over the death.

The suit was filed Wednesday afternoon in the Georgia state court for Chatham County in Savannah on behalf of Richard and Elizabeth Jones. Their daughter died Feb. 20 while working as a camera assistant on the Gregg Allman biographical film Midnight Rider.

The suit, which alleged wrongful death and neglect, named as a defendant Randall Miller, who was the director and a producer of the independently financed film, and more than a dozen other individuals and companies associated with Midnight Rider.

It also claimed that CSX, while it had not authorized the filming, failed to properly clear its tracks, and that Rayonier, which it said had given access to land around the CSX tracks where the accident occurred, near Doctortown, Ga., had not sufficiently warned the movie crew of danger.

A spokesman for Mr. Miller declined to comment on the suit, as did a spokesman for CSX. Russell Schweiss, a spokesman for Rayonier, said, We have not been served with any litigation regarding the matter. We will address litigation in the courts as that is the most appropriate venue.

The complaint was filed by the Savannah-based lawyer Jeffrey R. Harris and other lawyers representing the Jones family and estate.

The accident, which injured others while killing Ms. Jones, spurred widespread calls for closer monitoring of safety on film sets. It is being investigated by both the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board.

Local officials in Wayne County, Ga., where the accident occurred, have not publicly said whether the death will result in criminal charges. Last week, a spokesman for the district attorney in Wayne County said a sheriffs investigation had not at that point offered recommendations for or against prosecution. The spokesman declined further comment, citing a policy against public discussion of an open case.

Ms. Jones, who was 27 when she died, was one of several film workers on or near the CSX rail line on Feb. 20, staging a scene that involved setting a bed across the tracks.

According to the complaint, she and other crew members were falsely led to believe that they had the railroads permission to shoot on the tracks, and had only seconds to escape a unexpected freight train  by running toward it, to leave a trestle on which they were placed. The complaint included demands for pain and suffering and punitive damages, but did not specify an amount.

Midnight Rider had been set for distribution in the United States by Open Road Films, but production was immediately suspended when Ms. Jones died. Mr. Allman, who has an executive producer credit on the film, in April tried to block any resumption of filming, claiming in a lawsuit that an option for rights to his life story had not been properly renewed. Mr. Allman later withdrew the suit, but William Hurt, who was to have starred as Mr. Allman, had by then dropped out of the film.

While accidents on film sets are not uncommon, Ms. Joness death is one of the few incidents to cause a public outcry in the years since a helicopter crash killed Victor Morrow and two child actors, Myca Dinh Le and Renee Shin-Yi Chen, on the set of Twilight Zone: The Movie in 1982.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>When Sources Set the Ground Rules</title>
<text>
SOMETIMES a single sentence can be a window into a world.

Such a sentence appeared in Sabrina Tavernises front-page article late last month about the federal Food and Drug Administrations new guidelines for e-cigarettes. It read: F.D.A. officials gave journalists an outline of the new rules on Wednesday, but required that they not talk to industry or public health groups until after Thursdays formal release of the documents.

Thats a concept that gives many journalists the creeps: the government telling journalists to whom they can and cant talk.

Ira Stoll, the former New York Sun managing editor who writes the Smarter Times website, was one of the readers who was struck by the unusual sentence. He wrote with some valid questions, and a sense of outrage: Who gave the F.D.A. the authority to stop journalists from asking questions? Why would any journalist agree to abide by such a requirement? Did The Times agree to it, and if it did agree to it, did it abide by the agreement? What is the F.D.A.s rationale for such restrictions?

While the sentence itself was unusual  and an admirable piece of transparency for Times readers  the practice behind it is becoming more common, not just when government agencies have a big announcement but when businesses do.

This is something that never existed before, but now were seeing it more and more, said Stephanie Strom, who has been a Times reporter for 27 years.

Its all part of controlling the message thats getting out to the public. The practice of quote approval, in which sources or their press representatives get to vet quotations from an interview after the fact, is another way of doing so. The Times banned the practice in 2012.

By getting journalists to agree, in advance, not to gather reaction when they first report the news, a business or government agency can get a purer version of the initial story  not one diluted by criticism or negative reaction.

Ms. Tavernise told me that the F.D.A. presented this arrangement to journalists in a positive light: It would give them a head start on understanding a dense and elaborate document. The agency emailed reporters to tell them the ground rules and get their agreement before allowing them to attend a briefing at Health and Human Services headquarters the day before the guidelines were unveiled. More than a dozen newspapers, wire services and other news organizations were in attendance; to my knowledge, only The Times told its readers or audience about the agreement that all had made.

I felt like I wanted to be clear with readers, Ms. Tavernise said. Usually, you would have reaction in a story like this, but in this case, there wasnt going to be any. (Because of her earlier reporting, based on what she believed would be in the guidelines, Ms. Tavernise was able to write a balanced story that did include some of that perspective, while still following the strictures.)

Erica Jefferson, the F.D.A.s spokeswoman, told me that the motivation was not to be manipulative but to give reporters early access to a complicated news development. Because they were only being briefed, not given the document itself, she said, it wouldnt have been wise to ask outside experts to comment on something they hadnt seen. And, she noted, the F.D.A.s activities are bound by many legal restrictions, and have the ability to move markets; the information has to be handled with care.

We told reporters that once the document is out, you can update your story with outside comment, Ms. Jefferson said. In The Times, that reaction was included in a less prominently displayed article the following day. She also said that Ms. Tavernise had not objected to the restrictions in advance; the reporter told me that was accurate  that she was more focused on the news itself.

Ms. Strom, who covers the food industry, told me that she, too, had run into these kinds of demands. Sometimes, she tells the company that she cant abide by the restriction not to talk to experts or competitors for a first-day story; sometimes she makes the judgment that the scoop is worth it. For example, an article last December about Pepsi winning a big new contract did not, by agreement, include outside comment. Ms. Strom said she didnt think it was vital in that case.

Shes not happy about the growing practice, but the alternative is losing a competitive advantage.

If a story is going to be on the front page of major papers and on MSNBC and Fox and everywhere else, theres a lot of competitive pressure for us to have it, too, she said.

I asked The Timess standards editor, Philip B. Corbett, about this. He agreed that there is more and more effort, these days, for news sources to control how information emerges to the public. And that, he said, is a legitimate concern.

Any time the source is putting restrictions on how and when we can talk to people, its something I would be concerned about, he said. Reporters need to discuss it with their editors, and it may need to be discussed with a higher-ranking editor. Agreeing to the restrictions may not be acceptable, he said, but this has to be weighed against the news value of the story.

Like quote approval, this practice ought to be stomped out. Id like to see The Times push back  hard  against such restrictions in every instance, and be prepared to walk away from the story if need be.

Follow the public editor on Twitter at twitter.com/sulliview and read her blog at publiceditor.blogs.nytimes.com. Recent posts took up Ukraine coverage, and an explanation of how Times commenters become verified.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>More on Drones and James Risen -- and a new AnonyWatch entry</title>
<text>
Im heading off to the International Journalism Festival in Perugia, Italy where Im one of the (many) speakers this week. My speech has an admittedly unwieldy title: What Ive Learned at the New York Times (And What That Says About Journalism). I have copious notes  and a long flight to get them in order.

But before I go, Ill unload my notebook of some items, mostly following up on subjects Ive written about previously, before they reach their expiration date:

 

 1. Drones. Two New York University law professors  Sarah Knuckey and Ryan Goodman  took a fascinating and detailed look at a recent Times story on a drone strike in Yemen. Their article in Just Security features an almost line-by-line annotation and is well worth a careful read. I wrote about some of the same issues they take up in a 2012 column.

2. James Risen. The Justice Department has filed its brief opposing the effort to have Mr. Risens case go to the Supreme Court. The Times reporter is attempting to avoid going to jail as he keeps his promise to protect a confidential source. Mr. Risen described the timeline of his legal efforts to me for a recent post. Disclosure of the obvious: Im on his side. Heres the brief.

3.AnonyWatch.ABC Newsreportedthat an unnamed sourceone it says was used in aTimes article last Auguststood to be paid in the millions were he to lose his job after his disclosures to the press and to the government about Herbalife, the company thats been so much in the news. (The Times article noted that the sources legal expenses were being paid, but not the full amount that ABC says he could stand to gain.)As Ive noted in myAnonyWatch feature, unnamed sources usually have an agenda of some kind, and that makes careful scrutiny a necessity for reporters and their editors. This is an extreme example of that rule.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>A Critic Picks Songs of the Broadway Season</title>
<text>
As someone who thinks a lot about the musical component of musical theater, I wrote an Arts & Leisure piece offering my impressions of some scores from recent shows in New York. I was particularly interested in the technique of pastiche, in which composers, and lyricists, too, evoke older song styles and genres in their new scores.

I had different takes on the quality and overall success of the scores I looked at in this piece. But, even in shows that I dont think work completely, or that dont aim very high, individual songs stood out for me in various ways, including a few that have the potential for independent afterlives.

Here are some choices, though Ive included one that is less a song than an intricate musical scene: To Build a Home, which opens Jason Robert Browns score for The Bridges of Madison County. I especially love It All Comes Back from Fun Home and Lay Down your Head from Violet, two musicals by the composer Jeanine Tesori.

Are there songs from current or recent musicals in New York that you love? That you cant stand? That intrigue or baffle you? Tell us about your choices in the comments section.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Anton Hammerl, a South African Freelance Photographer, Is Still Missing in Libya</title>
<text>
A statement on Facebook attributed to Mr. Hammerls family said they learned Thursday that he had in fact been killed April 5 by the forces of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.



When Anton Hammerl decided to go to Libya at the end of March, he knew he would be working as a freelance photographer, with little support. He knew it would be one of the few conflicts hed covered for years. And he knew hed have to leave his wife in London with their newborn son.

He also knew he had to do it.

Early in April, Mr. Hammerl, 41, went missing in Libya. On Wednesday, four detained journalists  Clare Morgana Gillis, James Foley, Manu Brabo and Nigel Chandler  were released. There was no news of Mr. Hammerl.

Until I see him, I dont believe any of these reports, Penny Sukhraj, Mr. Hammerls wife, said by phone from London on Wednesday afternoon. Its just a recipe for emotional disaster.

Five years ago, Mr. Hammerl was the pictures editor and chief photographer for The Saturday Star in Johannesburg. He and Ms. Sukhraj moved to London in 2006. He became a freelance photographer, shooting both news and corporate work.

The conflict in Libya was a catalyst for his return to front-line work. He realized its actually a part of him, said Ms. Sukhraj, who met her husband in 2000 when they were both reporting on child prostitution in the suburbs of Johannesburg. In recent years, she said, he had been seeking the financial stability needed to return to what he really loves doing, which is documentary  covering difficult situations; getting to the bottom of human dramas.

Mr. Hammerl had worked in Libya in 2007 and his wife persuaded him to go again. I had to push him and say, You must, Ms. Sukhraj said. Well be fine and well cope. Youre just going to go for two weeks, anyway. So he did.

Although he posted a few images on his Web site, and Africa Media Online has since started to represent him, Mr. Hammerl had not filed from Libya when he disappeared. He didnt feel that what he had was worthy of filing yet, his wife said. I look at it and I go, You silly boy.

As a freelancer in the 1990s, Mr. Hammerl covered the violence in Thokoza during the weeks and months before South Africas elections. He cut his teeth in the townships of South Africa, said Bronwyn Friedlander, a friend in London. And he was mentored by Ken Oosterbroek, the Bang-Bang Club photographer who was killed in 1994.

On Christmas in 1995, he shot a portrait of President Nelson Mandela  and managed to spend the day with him. He really annoyed me, and Im sure most other photographers, said Shayne Robinson, one of the organizers of the Free Photographer Anton Hammerl Facebook campaign. Like, how do you do that? How do you arrange that?

Mr. Robinson, who met Mr. Hammerl in Johannesburg, recalled, Youd go to a job with him and walk away and look at his pictures and look at your pictures and go, Were we at the same job?

Karel Prinsloo, a photo editor for The Associated Press in London, called Mr. Hammerl a thinking photographer. While the two were shooting together in South Africa in the 1990s, Mr. Prinsloo was working for a daily and Mr. Hammerl for a weekly.

He would look at something and out of nowhere he would get a frame that would last a week, Mr. Prinsloo said. Ours would last a day.

Peta Krost Maunder, a journalist and magazine editor who worked with Mr. Hammerl in Johannesburg to start The Sunday Independent alongside The Saturday Star, said: He had the story in his mind. He wasnt just taking a picture of the subject; he was taking a picture that fit with the story.

And, she added, There are few other photographers who walked around in leather pants and had their hair down to their waist. (For a time, Mr. Hammerl dabbled in fashion, starting a clothing line with a close friend.)

Ms. Krost Maunder said her heart sank on Wednesday when she heard that Mr. Hammerl was not among those released in Libya.

The silence is just so unfair, she said. Even if its bad news  to put people through this is just inhumane.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Ukraine and Elsewhere</title>
<text>
Lens is the photography blog of The New York Times, presenting the finest and most interesting visual and multimedia reporting  photographs, videos and slide shows. A showcase for Times photographers, it also seeks to highlight the best work of other newspapers, magazines and news and picture agencies; in print, in books, in galleries, in museums and on the Web. Here are some suggestions for getting the most out of Lens. You can also send us an e-mail message.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Electric Service From $199 a Month</title>
<text>
Electric cars are getting cheaper. Although purchase prices vary, the Chevrolet Spark E.V. and Smart Electric Drive Cabriolet can be leased for three years at $199 a month, and the Fiat 500e at $239. That means consumers are likely to weigh factors other than the bottom line when deciding which  if any  of these small, stylish battery vehicles to put in their driveway.

The good news is that none of them are terrible. But would a pure electric vehicle meet your needs?

If your family has only one car and takes long trips, a plug-in hybrid like the Chevrolet Volt would probably be a better choice. But if you simply want a fun car for frugal, eco-friendly commutes, one of these may be worth considering. Federal and state incentives can sweeten the deal.

But public charging stations are not yet widely available, and the cars are offered in only a few states. All three are sold in California; two are also offered in at least one other state that follows Californias zero-emission vehicle rules.

Here are my impressions after recent test drives in all three cars:

This electric Fiat is, alas, a California-only model, though the cars chief engineer, Brett Giem, said distribution might expand to other states. Based on reactions to the test car, both to its buglike body and electric orange paint  officially called Arancio Elettrico  and to its sleekly retro two-tone interior, there would be takers elsewhere. This car is seriously cute; a readout bids you ciao when you shut it down.

The 500e is fun to drive, too. Like most battery electrics, it has great low-end torque  what you feel when you floor the accelerator  and takes off with the alacrity of a Venetian gondolier catching up to paying clients. Its 111 horsepower is 10 more than the gas version of the 500, and the weight is distributed more evenly, front to rear. Other cars passed me left and right on the highway, but high-speed Interstate travel isnt the 500es forte.

The Fiat is comfortable for front-seat passengers, even tall ones, but its hard going for anyone (including children) stuck in the rear. The steering is sharp and the suspension is relatively stiff, though not unpleasantly so. The push-button shifter reminded me of my 1963 Dodge Dart. The view ahead is fine, but the center roof pillar partly blocks rear vision.

Over nearly 100 miles of combined city-highway driving, I got the electric-car equivalent of 121.3 m.p.g. (quite close to the E.P.A. rating of 116 m.p.g.e). That translates into 3.6 miles per kilowatt-hour or a respectable 79.9 miles per charge based on the available energy from the battery pack. The 500e has well-designed graphic displays to keep track of consumption and the state of charge, and also, like the other cars, a smartphone app.

I dont have a 240-volt Level II home charger, and my garage outlet refuses to charge E.V.s, so for all three vehicles I used the included 110-volt cable and snaked an extension cord into my kitchen. That got me enough charge for my needs.

In California, the $7,500 federal tax credit, $2,500 state rebate and $2,000 manufacturers incentive combine to make a serious dent in the $32,600 purchase price. You might be able to drive it away for $20,600.

For my 17-year-old daughter Delia, this car was love at first sight. She liked everything about it: the size, the light blue color, the quiet electric operation. That bodes well for sales to a generation that, in many cases, would rather text than drive.

Like most people, Delia is accustomed to Chevys being larger than this one; the Spark is bigger than the Fiat, but not by much. And like that car, the Spark coddles its front-seat passengers but is less kind to those in the rear. The cargo area is tiny, and theres no spare tire, only an inflation kit.

The 140-horsepower Spark, on sale since June, was also impressive off the line, with light steering and a well-damped ride that improved on the Fiat and Smart. With 400 pound-feet of torque, the Spark can zip from a standstill to 60 m.p.h. in less than eight seconds, and it held the road nicely. I simply loved to drive it around town.

Theres lots of body-color-painted metal inside, but the interior doesnt look cheap, and everything fits together well. With an eye on those techno-savvy young buyers, the Spark also came with a sophisticated MyLink infotainment system that quickly got jazz playing from my iPod. As in the 500e, colorful displays keep the driver apprised of the state of charge and the remaining range. The display also guided me to a charger four miles away.

The E.P.A. rates the Spark E.V. at a combined 119 m.p.g.e. I averaged 3.8 miles per kilowatt-hour, and based on the available energy in the lithium-ion battery pack, that translated to about 72 miles of range (compared with the E.P.A. combined rating of 82). Im a bit of a leadfoot, so youd probably do better if you drove more judiciously, less if you make generous use of the tempting Sport mode.

For $750 more, the Spark offers the recently approved SAE combo plug, which means you can connect to either a 240-volt Level II charger or to a 480-volt Level III for fast charging (which can get you to roughly 80 percent of battery capacity in 20 minutes, compared with a seven-hour charge time with Level II).

Its too bad the Spark is available only in California and Oregon. It costs $27,495, but the federal incentive gets that to below $20,000. The $199 lease price requires (like the Fiat) a $999 down payment.

Unless Im missing something, Smart offers the only battery-powered convertible in the country, which may explain its growing popularity in Southern California. Of course, Fiat offers a 500c Cabriolet with a folding top similar to the Smarts, but the car isnt available as a plug-in model.

The styling of the two-seat Smart Fortwo is getting dated, but the E.D. version features a nice interior with well-executed net pockets and tachlike pods showing the overall state of charge and battery pack performance. The placement of the ignition switch on the floor is reminiscent of Saabs and requires a period of adjustment. The car is tiny, but so tall I could have driven it wearing a top hat. Dropping the snugly fitted power top (with glass rear window) is simple  buttons control its two-position ascent and descent.

The 110-volt charger, with a bright yellow accordion cable, stores neatly in a case built into the fold-down tailgate. If youre in a hurry, a button ramps the charging up to 12 amps, from eight.

With only 47 horsepower in ordinary use  though capable of 74 horses for short bursts of power  the Smart gets left in the others dust. And it responds lazily to the accelerator. But like the Fiat, the Smart drives better than its gasoline-powered twin, and its quicker, reaching 60 m.p.h. from a stop in 11.5 seconds (instead of 12.8). The floor-hinged brake pedal has a lot of travel, and the ride is rock-hard. Uneven pavement really jostles this car, which is a shame because it handles well and its steering is taut.

The Smart offers menus with statistics on electric performance, but theyre crammed into a small screen under the speedometer, with monochrome amber displays that recall computer monitors from the mid-1980s. The information might be easier to decipher if incorporated into the more modern infotainment screen.

For the uninitiated, the Lilliputian size of the Smart  any Smart  takes some adjustment, but nosing it into half a parking spot (and turning it around in my driveway) was a pleasure. Outside of my local library it attracted a few onlookers, but one of the librarians, Linda Quinn, had a concern: Its adorable, but Id be afraid a Suburban would crush it.

The E.P.A. rates the Smart E.D. at 107 m.p.g.e. in combined city-highway driving and its range at 68 miles. I didnt do that well in mostly around-town driving; 2.6 miles per kilowatt-hour over 102 miles translates to just 46 miles of travel on a charge. My cars performance may have suffered from a lot of top-down driving, along with use of the heater and radio, not to mention my heavy accelerator foot. Compared with the two other cars tested, the Smart E.D. is widely available: You can buy one in California, Connecticut, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Oregon and Rhode Island. The $199 lease price (with $2,493 due at signing) is for the Cabrio; the fixed-roof Coupe E.D. can be had for $139 a month.

The Cabriolet purchase price is $28,750, but incentives are available. An $80-a-month Battery Assurance Plus rental program, covering maintenance and guaranteeing performance for up to 10 years  with full replacement if defective  is included in the lease deal.

Someone seeking a small E.V. has other choices. The Nissan Leaf is widely available, starting around $30,000. before incentives. BMWs i3, an up-market city car with an optional range-extending gas engine, will be available in the spring for $42,275, as will a new generation of the Mitsubishi i-MiEV. The Honda Fit E.V. is available in some East and West Coast markets, with a compelling $259 a month lease deal that includes a home charger.

Ford makes an electric Focus, and the Mercedes-Benz B-Class Electric Drive goes on sale next summer.

Of the three tiny cars I tested, all had virtues. But in a head-to-head comparison it was the very lively Chevy Spark over the eye-catching Fiat 500e by an electron, with the Smart a good choice for intimate fun in the sun on an unhurried timetable.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>For Americas Sedan, a Great Leap Forward</title>
<text>
My wife used to work as a sales representative for Johnson & Johnson. Like many sales reps, she was provided a nondescript, inexpensive company car  in her case, a Chevrolet Impala. At some point, the a fell off the trunk badge and we began calling it the Impal. The Impals chief virtue was its huge trunk, which could conceal many cases of sample products  typically, Tylenol PM and K-Y jelly. Say what you want about the old Impala, but it sure could haul some K-Y jelly. General Motors should have made a bigger deal of that.

Thanks to rental companies, sales fleets and bargain hunters, the old Impala is a common sight. It has been Americas best-selling full-size sedan since 2004, with nearly 170,000 sold last year.

But theres a difference between popular and best. The redesigned 2014 model is aimed at retaining a solid proportion of the old cars customer base while luring buyers whose names are not Avis and Enterprise.

Its off to a good start  Consumer Reports recently ranked the Impala as the best sedan on the market, the first domestic car to earn that title in more than 20 years. Theformer model (renamed Impala Limited) is still in production, but available only to fleet buyers.

There are now three choices of propulsion: a 2.5-liter 4-cylinder, a 2.4-liter 4-cylinder eAssist hybrid or a V-6. The hybrids combined city-highway rating of 29 miles per gallon is quite impressive for such a large car, but G.M.s eAssist system is a fairly dreary powertrain, regularly reminding you why its not called the eFunPower. And that version will not be available until the end of the year.

I say if you want a big car, you want the big motor. In the Impala, G.M.s ubiquitous direct-injected 3.6-liter V-6 makes 305 horsepower and 264 pound-feet of torque. Interestingly, G.M. dropped this modern, muscular V-6 into the old body style in 2012. Now thats a spicy rental car.

The 3.6 is a guttural, vocal motor, which suits the mood in a Camaro or a Cadillac ATS but seems inappropriately aggressive in a family vehicle like a Chevy Traverse.

The first thing I noticed about the Impala is that its preternaturally quiet. I asked G.M. officials if theyd done anything to muzzle the V-6, and they responded that the Impalas interior serenity was accomplished mostly by isolating the passenger compartment through tricks like triple-sealed doors with acoustic perimeter water deflectors and robot-applied sound deadener on the floor pan and trunk.

But they also conceded that the transmission shift points were lowered so that the V-6 spends less time growling its way through the upper registers of its power band. Translation: The transmission generally forgoes sportiness in return for relaxation and economy. (The E.P.A. rating is 18 m.p.g. in town and 28 on the highway.)

If you jab the accelerator, the engine will clear its throat with a healthy amount of thrust, accompanied by a surprising amount of wheel spin from the front tires. The Impala can light em up for quite a while before the traction control kicks in, which should make for some memorable exits from the school drop-off lane.

The interior is a mash-up of visually appealing design rendered with sometimes questionable materials. The wraparound sweep of the dash, the 8-inch screen that powers up like a secret door to reveal a storage cubby behind it, the subtle LED glow of the nighttime lighting  all are worthy steps forward for our old friend Impala. The optional front bench seat  the last one offered in a car sold in America  has been banished in favor of these bucket seats that are all the rage. But can we please lose the fake wood pasted hither and thither about the interior? I suspect that other manufacturers are infiltrating focus groups to tell G.M. (and Toyota) that customers really love plastic wood.

Remember this: fake wood, its not good. Feel free to come up with something better, or just stop making fake wood.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>Shampoo Companies Specifically Targeting Women Who Wear Veils</title>
<text>
</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>More Violence in Ukraine - Video - NYTimes.com</title>
<text>
New tactics after Ukraines nationwide elections. Also on the Minute, a battle brews between Republicans and veterans groups and film crews take over Brooklyn.</text>
</article>
<article>
<class>1</class>
<title>In San Francisco With a Gallon of Gas to Go</title>
<text>
THIS eye-pleasing city has plenty of popular tourist sites as well as a less famous but equally beguiling attraction, the 49 Mile Scenic Drive. This meandering route ties together many well-known landmarks  including Coit Tower, Fishermans Wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge  while also venturing into areas seldom featured in travel guides.

Devised to promote the Golden Gate International Exposition of 1939-40, the scenic drive originally terminated at the expositions fairgrounds on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay. Today, the somewhat modified route is marked by signs featuring a sly-looking seagull, which peers down from lampposts across the city.

Id been meaning to take the drive for nearly as long as Ive lived here  some 20 years  but until recently I never got around to it. Procrastination was a factor, but it was also a matter of waiting for the right opportunity. Such an occasion finally presented itself a few weeks ago in the form of a test car: an urban-oriented subcompact that could, in theory, complete the 49-mile loop on less than a gallon of gasoline.

The car was the 2012 Prius C, the newest, smallest and  with a base price of $19,710  least expensive member of Toyotas expanding Prius family of hybrids. Aimed at young, budget-wary city dwellers, this more petite Prius (the C is for city) deploys Toyotas gas-electric drivetrain in a sporty-looking four-door hatchback.

On the face of it, a Prius C with a gallon in the tank should be able to handle the scenic drive with miles to spare: its city fuel economy rating is 53 miles per gallon. Toyota says its new hybrid baby has the highest-rated city fuel economy of any vehicle without a plug.

Still, I wondered how it would fare on an urban road course punctuated with preposterously steep hills and intermittently horrendous traffic, as well as some less congested stretches of curves and twisties that encourage the right foot to explore its primitive urges.

Unlike its larger sibling, the familiar hybrid now called the Prius Liftback, which has the aesthetic appeal of a slug on wheels, the Prius C is an attractive little car. Where the Prius Liftback is all monolithic planar mass, the Prius C is all curves and flares and bulges. And while the Liftbacks top-heavy look suggests a predilection for straight-line travel, the Cs wide, low-slung, wheels-to-the-corners stance hints at a penchant for playing.

The sense of sportiness continues indoors. The front seats are firm and assertively bolstered, with excellent lumbar support. The thick-rim, flat-bottom steering wheel has easy-to-reach thumb pads for the radio, navigation and climate controls, and for toggling among the hybrid information displays.

The dashboard, clad in handsome plastics, is pleasingly spare and uncluttered. The test car, outfitted at the top trim level (the so-called Prius C Four, with a sticker price of $25,140) featured a touch screen with audio and navigation controls as well as the Entune interface for smartphones.

After examining a map of the 49 Mile Scenic Drive, I chose a starting point: an Inner Sunset gas station, where I would fill the tank before and after. Like all Prii, the C displays trip fuel economy to tenths of a gallon, but I would take a redundant measurement. In the interest of staying on course, I enlisted my wife as navigator in chief, and on a partly sunny, partly foggy, altogether typical San Francisco morning, we set off.

After filling up with regular-grade 87 octane at Seventh Avenue and Lincoln Way and clicking the hybrid system into Eco mode to hedge our bets  it slows the throttle opening and dials back the air-conditioner  we made our way toward Twin Peaks.

At an elevation of 922 feet, it is San Franciscos second-highest point (after Mount Davidson, not far to the southwest). The road that winds to the top offers panoramic views, and for the skittish, an unnerving proximity to many long, steep drop-offs.</text>
</article>
