<articles>
<article>

<title>Mitch McConnell Brings Rifle to Larry the Cable Guy Show</title>
<text>
Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell, facing a tough reelection, was spotted last night brandishing a hunting rifle at a Larry the Cable Guy comedy show in Lexington, Ky.

The Senate minority leader, who is unpopular in his homestate, was attending the blue collar comedians stand-up show at the Lexington Comedy Shop when he reportedly waved the rifle in the air and yelled, Dont tread on me, Obama!

McConnell was asked to leave the event because the theater does not allow guns. As he was escorted from the theater, McConnell reportedly kept shouting obscenities and screaming about his second amendment rights.

I think its outrageous that in this day and age a man cant see Larry the Cable Guy perform while carrying a gun, McConnell told reporters outside the Comedy Shop. Without guns, Kentucky wouldnt have produced great men like  umm, Wyatt Earp and Robert E. Lee, or Davy Crockett who defended the Alamo. Remember the Alamo as I always say.

McConnell denied that his unexpected appearance at a Larry the Cable Guy show was a desperate attempt before the election to seem like hes in-touch with Kentucky voters.

This is just a typical day for me in the great state of Kentucky, a state I love to visit, he said. Like all Kentuckians, I love betting on horses, listening to bluegrass music, chewing tobacco, eating fried chicken, watching Justified on DVD and drinking Jack Daniels, the best whiskey in the world.

When told that Jack Daniels is from Tennessee, McConnell quickly responded: Tennessee? Al Gores state? I hate those coastal liberal elitists in Tennessee. Its the fake Kentucky. And that Tennessee whiskey is gosh-darn hooey compared to  Tim Beans, my favorite whiskey that is made right here in Kentucky.

McConnell, who has been a senator since 1984 and built a strong Republican machine in the state, is facing tough reelection, including a challenge from the Tea Party, who view him as a pork-barrel-spending career politician.

The McConnell campaign has been inept, and McConnell received a tepid endorsement from Tea Party hero and fellow Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul. Earlier this year, McConnell shamelessly brandished a gun at the CPAC convention, where his speech received an indifferent response.

But outside the Comedy Shop, McConnell insisted to reporters that he is a simple but proud Kentuckian who loves Cracker Barrel, Chik-Fil-A, Paula Deen, country music and grits.

Before McConnell left the event in a Chevy pickup with a Confederate Flag bumper sticker, reporters asked him how he planned to help communities in eastern Kentucky that are facing unemployment and poverty from the declining coal industry.

Hell I know. Build more prisons or NSA data centers: thatll provide jobs, he responded. Ask the governor. Its his problem.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Marijuana Overdoses Kill 37 in Colorado On First Day of Legalization</title>
<text>
Colorado is reconsidering its decision to legalize recreational pot following the deaths of dozens due to marijuana overdoses.

According to a report in the Rocky Mountain News, 37 people were killed across the state on Jan. 1, the first day the drug became legal for all adults to purchase.Several more are clinging onto life in local emergency rooms and are not expected to survive.

"It's complete chaos here," says Dr. Jack Shepard, chief of surgery at St. Luke's Medical Center in Denver. "I've put five college students in body bags since breakfast and more are arriving every minute.

"We are seeing cardiac arrests, hypospadias,acquired trimethylaminuriaandmultiple organ failures. By next week the death toll could go as high as 200, maybe 300. Someone needs to step in and stop this madness. My god, why did we legalize marijuana? What were we thinking?"

Colorado and Washington state approved the sale of marijuana for recreational use in November though statewide ballot measures. Under the new policies pot is legal for adult use, regulated like alcohol and heavily taxed.

One of the principal arguments of legalization advocates was that cannabis has long been considered safer than alcohol and tobacco and was not thought not to cause overdose. But a brave minority tried to warn Coloradans of the drug's dangers.

"We told everyone this would happen," says Peter Swindon, president and CEO of local brewer MolsonCoors. "Marijuana is a deadly hardcore drug that causes addiction and destroys lives.

"When was the last time you heard of someone overdosing on beer? All these pro-marijuana groups should be ashamed of themselves. The victims' blood is on their hands."

One of the those victims was 29-year-old Jesse Bruce Pinkman, a former methamphetamine dealer from Albuquerque who had recently moved to Boulder to establish a legal marijuana dispensary.

Pinkman was partying with friends when he suffered several seizures and a massive heart attack which ultimately proved to be fatal. Toxicology reports revealed that marijuana was the only drug present in his system.

"This is just a terrible tragedy," says his friend Peter. "Jesse was trying to go legit and now this happens? I guess drugs really are as dangerous as they say."

Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, who opposed the ballot initiative that legalized the drug, says he will call a special legislative session to try and overturn the new law.

"We can't sit idly by and allow this slaughter to continue," he said during a press conference Thursday.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>CSMonitor.com</title>
<text>
Some possible causes for this error message:

Having trouble finding something? Try our site map.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Dartmouth Expels White Student For Wearing Sombrero</title>
<text>
Dartmouth College has expelled a white student for wearing a sombrero to a Cinco de Mayo party.

According to a statement released today by the university, sophomore Ashley Ryan, 20, was thrown out of the Ivy League school for racial aggression after a student of Mexican heritage complained that her use of Mexicos traditional wide-brimmed hat was culturally insensitive.

It was just a normal sombrero, Ryan says. It wasn't even mine.Some guy gave to me and said I looked cute in it. I was wearing it for maybe like two or threehours max.

I was called into the deans office this morning. I didnt know what to expect. I thought it maybe had something to do with the amount of alcohol I drank that night.

The dean said I was trying to make fun of Mexican culture or something. But I wasnt doing that at all. I was just trying to have a good time. I dont know what Im going to do now. I guess Ill have to transfer. This really sucks. It was just a party. 

Dartmouth College is one of America's most prestigious universities, with notable alumni including Daniel Webster, Robert Reich, Hank Paulson, Tim Geithner, Nelson A. Rockefeller and Aisha Tyler.

In recent months, however, it has become more well known for the poor quality of its administration than the high quality of its academics. In April, for example, the administrationbanneda sorority from using the word "fiesta" at charity fundraiser, the latest in a long line ofdecisionsthat manycriticize as political correctness run amok.

The attention Dartmouth gives to policing its students' speech for racial sensitivityseems especially odd given theuniversity'spoor track record in policing sexual assaults on campus.

Several recent high-profile sexual assaults led to a 14 percent drop in applications last year. And the collegeis also one of dozens of schools under federal investigation for its handling of sex crimes cases.

Yet in an exclusive interview the school's dean defends it decision to expel Ryan and says the college's priorities are in the right place.

Here at Dartmouth we try to foster an environment of diversity and tolerance, says Vernon Warner. "And thats why we simply couldn't tolerate the sort of ethnic intimidation that Ms. Ryan was engaged in.

"Wearing a sombrero on Cinco de Mayo is no different than what Hitler did to the Jews. It's wildly inappropriate, and frankly I don't know why this idiotthought she could get away with it.

"Not only are we expelling Ms. Ryan, we're referring this case to the local prosecutor's office as a potential hate crime. This womanraped a nation's cultural heritage. Is there any worse kind of rape? Frankly I hope she spends a few years behind bars."</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>A fatal wait: Veterans languish and die on a VA hospital's secret list</title>
<text>
I feel very sorry for the people who work at the Phoenix VA. They all wish they could leave 'cause they know what they're doing is wrong.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>VA investigations now involve 26 facilities, says Inspector General</title>
<text>
At least 10 new allegations about manipulated waiting times and other problems have surfaced since reports of problems at the Phoenix VA hospital came to light last month, say IG officials.

The number of VA facilities under investigation after complaints about falsified records and treatment delays has more than doubled in recent days, the Office of Inspector General at the Veterans Affairs Department said late Tuesday.

A spokeswoman for the IG's office said 26 facilities were being investigated nationwide. Acting Inspector General Richard Griffin told a Senate committee last week that at least 10 new allegations about manipulated waiting times and other problems had surfaced since reports of problems at the Phoenix VA hospital came to light last month.

The expanded investigations come as President Barack Obama's choice to help carry out reforms at the Veterans Affairs Department was set to travel to Phoenix to meet with staff at the local VA office amid mounting pressure to overhaul the beleaguered agency.

Obama announced last week that White House Deputy Chief of Staff Rob Nabors would be assigned to the VA after allegations of delayed care that may have led to patient deaths and a cover-up by top administrators in Phoenix. Similar claims have been reported at VA facilities in Pennsylvania, Wyoming, Georgia,Missouri, Texas, Florida, and elsewhere.

Nabors met Tuesday in Washington with representatives of several veterans' organizations, including the American Legion and Disabled American Veterans, among others. He will meet Thursday with leadership at the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Medical Center, including with interim director Steve Young, White House spokesman Jay Carney said.

Young took over in Phoenix after director Sharon Helman was placed on leave indefinitely while the VA's Office of Inspector General investigates claims raised by several former VA employees that Phoenix administrators kept a secret list of patients waiting for appointments to hide delays in care.

Critics say Helman was motivated to conceal delays to collect a bonus of about $9,000 last year.

A former clinic director for the VA in Phoenix first came out publicly with the allegations of secret lists in April. Dr. Samuel Foote, who retired in December after nearly 25 years with the VA, says that up to 40 veterans may have died while awaiting treatment at the Phoenix hospital. Investigators say they have so far not linked any patient deaths in Phoenix to delayed care.

The allegations have sparked a firestorm on Capitol Hill and some calls for VA Secretary Eric Shinseki's resignation. The VA's undersecretary for health care, Robert Petzel, has since stepped down.

However, Republicans denounced the move as a hollow gesture, since Petzel had already been scheduled to retire soon. And several lawmakers are proposing legislation to take on VA problems.

Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas, a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press on Tuesday he plans to introduce legislation this week to ensure that internal probes by the VA's Office of Medical Inspector are released to Congress and the public "so the full scope of the VA's dysfunction cannot be disguised."

Moran noted that a VA nurse in Cheyenne, Wyoming, was put on leave this month for allegedly telling employees to falsify appointment records. The action came after an email about possible wait-list manipulation at the Cheyenne hospital was leaked to the media.

But Moran said the Cheyenne center was already the subject of a December 2013 report by Office of the Medical Inspector. That report apparently substantiated claims of improper scheduling practices, but it's unclear if action taken at the Cheyenne center was based on the medical inspector's findings, Moran said.

"Because OMI reports are not available to the public and have not been previously released to Congress, it is impossible to know whether the VA has taken action to implement the OMI's recommendations for improvement in each case," Moran said.

Meanwhile, two Republican senators introduced legislation to prohibit payment of bonuses to employees at the Veterans Health Administration through next year. Sens. Richard Burr of North Carolina and Deb Fischer of Nebraska said the VA should focus its spending on fixing problems at the agency, "not rewarding employees entrenched in a failing bureaucracy." Burr is the senior Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee and Fischer is a panel member.

The House passed a bill in February eliminating performance bonuses for the department's senior executive staff through 2018.

Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, also called on Obama to back off plans to nominate Jeffrey Murawsky to replace Petzel at the VA. Murawsky, a career VA administrator, directly supervised Helman from 2010 to 2012.

The White House has said Obama remains confident in Shinseki's leadership and is standing behind Murawsky's nomination.

Shinseki and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel met with the House Appropriations Committee on Tuesday to discuss how the two departments can improve interactions between their health records systems. The two Cabinet members said in a joint statement that the meeting was productive and that both men share the same goal  to improve health outcomes of active duty military, veterans and beneficiaries.

Associated Press writer Brian Skoloff in Phoenix contributed to this report.

Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Clippers Owner Blames Bad Viagra For Racist Remarks</title>
<text>
LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling claimed today that a bad batch of Viagra was responsible for his racist rant against black people.

In an interview this morning with KABC radio, the embattled billionaire sought to defuse the controversy that erupted last Friday when TMZ published a recording of Sterling telling his girlfriend he didnt want black people at Clippers games.

Although most observers assumed the incident was simply the latest manifestation of his long-held racism, Sterling himself has a more innocent explanation: a bad reaction to sexual performance pills he ordered online.

When youre 80 years old you cant keep up with an attractive woman in her 30s without a little medical help, he told host Doug Elmer. Unfortunately my doctors refused to prescribe Viagra because of my heart condition.

So I decided to go online and buy some performance pills myself. You never know what you get with these shady offshore websites. I started taking the pills and I immediately knew my behavior was different. But I needed them. I couldnt perform without them.

Just look at the list of side effects for these medications: anxiety, depression, hallucinations. I cant be held responsible for what I say when Im on these pills. And who knows if they were even really Viagra? I could have been taking some weird Chinese herb or something.

Like most seniors, Im on at least 11 different drugs right now. With all those interactions, is it a surprise that I might say something crazy I dont really believe? I love black people. This is all just a huge misunderstanding.

Celebrities often try to blame drugs and alcohol when caught using racist language. Many, like Mel Gibson in 2006, check into drug rehab shortly after the controversy erupts in order to begin the process of triaging their public image.

Donald Sterling appears to be the first to suggest, however, that non-addictive prescription medication could play a role in such incidents. Although erectile dysfunction pills do carry a long list of side effects, provoking racist thoughts against blacks and Mexicans does not appear to be included.

That fact did not escape the host, who asked Sterling if he was shirking responsibility for his comments.

Im saying it wasnt really me on those tapes, he responded. When Im taking those pills, Im not myself. I say things I dont mean. I do things I normally wouldnt be able to do.

"I pay these czarnuchesmillions of dollars. I've taken more black men to the promised land than Harriet Tubman. Is society really going to crucify me just because I took some bad Viagra?"</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Fox News Offers Donald Sterling Weekly Talk Show</title>
<text>
LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling may be losing control of his NBA franchise, but hes already got at least one firm job offer after his professional sports franchise days are over.

According to sources close to the situation, Fox News has offered the controversial billionaire a Saturday evening talk show where he can share his views on race, gender relations, class warfare and the economy.

I think he really connects with our audience, says Fox News President Roger Ailes. "Hes not bogged down by political correctness. Hes not afraid to say whats on his mind. And he remains true to the old-fashioned values that made this country great.

Plus, at 80 years old Donald Sterling is smack in the middle of our demographic. Obviously our viewers love to see women like Megyn Kelly do the news. But they also want to see someone more like themselves. The average age of our viewers is around 85, so Donald may even help us attract a slightly younger audience.

Now I know a lot of liberals out there are gonna ask, Why give this guy a platform?' Well why do we give anyone a platform? Why give Sean Hannity a platform? Why give Glenn Beck a platform? Because giving idiots platforms drives ratings, which make us money. Whats wrong with making money? Whats wrong with capitalism?

Longtime owner Donald Sterling has been banned from the NBA for life after a tape recording surfaced of him telling his former girlfriend not to bring black people to LA Clippers games.

In an emotional press conference yesterday, newly installed NBA Commissioner Adam Silver also vowed to make sure Sterling is forced to sell the Clippers, which he has owned since 1981.

During the conference Silver took questions from several reporters, and only Fox News correspondent asked a question sympathetic to Sterling: Should someone lose their team for remarks used in private? Is this a slippery slope?

Such support for an overt racist is rare for a network that more often uses racial code words to appeal to an audience of older white men.

It has stood by several hosts after their own racial controversies, however, such as when Glenn Beck accused President Obama of having a "hatred" of white people and when Bill O'Reilly said he was surprised black people in Harlem used forks.

It has also been criticized for heavily promoting the cause of rancher Cliven Bundy, who turned out to have racist views against "the Negro."

Representatives for Sterling say that he has spoken to Ailes about the job offer in the last 24 hours but hasn't made a decision to join the network.

Although Sterling has given money to both Democratic and Republican candidates, he is a registered Republican.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Botched Oklahoma execution 'fell short of humane standards' White House</title>
<text>
A bungled execution in Oklahoma fell short of humane standards, the White House said on Wednesday, as the state announced an investigation into how a condemned man ended up dying from a heart attack after writhing and thrashing on the gurney.

After grim scenes in the Oklahoma death chamber, where an untested cocktail of drugs failed to kill 38-year-old Clayton Lockett, lawyers representing the next set of prisoners scheduled to be executed in the US called for a moratorium on all judicial killings.

For three minutes on Tuesday night at the Oklahoma state penitentiary, Lockett groaned and writhed violently as witnesses looked on; after nearly 20 minutes the procedure was called off. Some 43 minutes after the first drugs were administered, Lockett died of what was described as a massive heart attack.

An autopsy was under way in Tulsa on Wednesday to determine Locketts manner of death. A second execution, that of another convicted killer, Charles Warner, was postponed.

The governor of Oklahoma, Mary Fallin, announced an inquiry by the head of the state's department of public safety on Wednesday. But she insisted that she was a firm supporter of the death penalty and that the execution of Warner would eventually be carried out. Last night the state of Oklahoma executed Clayton Lockett, she said at the opening of a press conference in Oklahoma City, striking a pointed note against widespread media coverage that portrayed the execution as botched.

In Washington, Jay Carney, the White House spokesman, said that while President Barack Obama believed the evidence showed that capital punishment was not an effective deterrent to crime, some acts were so heinous as to merit the death penalty. 



But Carney said that a fundamental standard in the US was that executions should be carried out humanely. I think everyone would recognise that this case fell short of that standard, he said.

Lockett was convicted of the killing of 19-year-old Stephanie Neiman in 1999. He shot her and told another man to bury her alive. Lockett was also convicted of raping her friend in the violent home invasion that lead to Neiman's death.

Warner, 46, was found guilty of raping and killing 11-month-old Adrianna Waller in 1997. He lived with the child's mother.

The executions of Lockett and Warner were scheduled two hours apart on Tuesday night after an unprecedented legal and political dispute in Oklahoma.



The inmates had challenged the secrecy surrounding Oklahoma's source of lethal injection drugs, winning at the state district court level, but two higher courts argued over which could grant a stay of execution. At one point, Fallin had publicly challenged the authority of the state supreme court when it granted a stay of execution. The court reversed its decision after the governors comments.



I believe the death penalty is an appropriate response and punishment to those who commit heinous crimes against their fellow men and women, Fallin said at the news conference. However I also believe the state needs to be certain of its protocols and its procedures for executions and that they work. She said that the execution of Warner, stayed until 13 May, would be postponed again if the review by the commissioner of public safety was not complete by then.

The Oklahoma attorney general, Scott Pruitt, said he will assign investigators to work with the public safety commissioner and an advisor to assess the results of the execution review.

"It is tragic that the attorney generals office fought against transparency, but now believes that transparency is important after a botched execution," said Seth Day, an attorney for Lockett.



Dean Sanderford, one of Lockett's lawyers who witnessed the execution, said the planned review is not independent. "In order to understand exactly what went wrong in last nights horrific execution, and restore any confidence in the execution process, the death of Clayton Lockett must be investigated by a truly independent organization, not a state employee or agency," he said.

Death penalty states have scrambled to find new execution methods after drugs companies opposed to capital punishment, mostly based in Europe, withdrew their supplies.



Oklahoma decided to lethally inject Lockett and Warner with midazolam, which acts as a sedative and is also used as an anti-seizure drug, followed by vecuronium bromide and potassium chloride. Florida has used a similar method but it employed a higher dose of midazolam. Ohio used midazolam alongside a different drug, hydromorphone, in the January execution of Dennis McGuire, which took more than 20 minutes.

The outcome on Tuesday in Oklahoma appeared likely to fuel the debate over the death penalty in the US, in particular the use of untested drug combinations.

Madeline Cohen, an attorney for Warner, condemned the way Lockett was killed. "After weeks of Oklahoma refusing to disclose basic information about the drugs for tonight's lethal injection procedures, tonight Clayton Lockett was tortured to death," she said.

Richard Dieter, the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, said the killing of Lockett was a torturous action. He said: They did not intend for him to die in this pain  this was bungled and incompetent  but the physical result was like torture anyhow.

Dieter said that the case was so serious that even those Americans who were in favour of the death penalty for the most serious offenders, such as Lockett, were likely to be concerned about whether the state knows what it is doing.

The British embassy in Washington reiterated the government's opposition to capital punishment following the botched execution of Lockett in Oklahoma.

"The UK opposes the death penalty in all circumstances as a matter of principle," a spokesman said in a statement. "Its use undermines human dignity, there is no conclusive evidence of its deterrent value, and any miscarriage of justice leading to its imposition is irreversible and irreparable. We continue to call on all countries around the world that retain the death penalty to cease its use."



Ryan Kiesel, the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma, said that by using a science experiment to cause Lockett to die in pain over the course of more than 40 minutes, the state had disgraced itself before the nation and world.



More than any other power, the exercise of the power to kill must be accompanied by due process and transparency, said Kiesel, adding that Locketts painful death had illustrated the consequences of trading due process for political posturing.

Mark White, a former governor of Texas and the co-chair of the Constitution Project's Death Penalty Committee, called for all US states to suspend their use of lethal injections and overhaul the execution process in order to restore public confidence in our criminal justice system.

Calling Locketts case the horrific, if sadly predictable, result of a trial and error approach to execution, White said: Americans may want tough justice, but most do not want to be cruel or inhumane in executing even the most heinous of criminals, and this was exactly that.

The next inmate to face the gurney in the US is Robert Campbell, 42, in Texas on 13 May.

Lawyers in that state are preparing new litigation to challenge the states refusal to provide any public information about where and how it is obtaining its lethal injection drugs.

Maurie Levin, one of a team of lawyers working on the new Texas litigation, said that if nothing else, Mr Locketts execution in Oklahoma makes clear that you cant simply take the word of the executioner that everything will be okay. Access to information is necessary to be able to determine whether we are at risk of an execution like what happened last night.



Jason Clark, a spokesman for Texas department of criminal justice, said in an email to the Guardian that the execution was expected to go ahead as planned: TDCJ has no plans to change our procedures. Texas does not use the same drugs as Oklahoma as we use a single lethal dose of pentobarbital and we have done so since 2012.

Additional reporting by Paul Lewis in Washington and Tom Dart in Houston</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Facebook to Monetize Instagram With Real-Time Facial Recognition Ad Targeting</title>
<text>
Sources close to top Facebook executives have confirmed to The Daily Currant that the company is planning on using its $1 billion USD acquisition of social photo sharing app Instagram to roll out a radical new advertising platform which is capable of following users' emotions in real time and target advertisements based on how a they are feeling.

The platform - internally codenamed the Tom Parsons Project (TPP) - will "combine Instagram's vast user base and high daily use rate with advancements in facial recognition technology to connect users with products which most fit their immediate needs."

In the new TPP-enabled Instagram whilst you are taking a photo with your smartphone's rear-facing camera the TPP software will discreetly activate the front facing camera and lock onto the image of your face. The app's facial recognition function will then record the precise positioning of your facial features and send them to Facebook's database where the firm will assign an emotion to the facial pattern and log your emotional state.

The company will then use a highly advanced algorithm which combines this new emotional data with the demographic data Facebook already has to create a near perfect ad targeting system. TPP is expected to be a significant revenue generator for the Palo Alto, CA based Facebook, and has secretly been a key selling point in valuing the company during its IPO roadshow.

Our source inside the company explains that Facebook has always seen matching ads and feelings as its best hope for revenues, and has simply been waiting for technology to catch up with its vision:

"This was kinda our original idea with the status update. Originally statuses only allowed you to choose emotions like "Sad", "Happy", "Satisfied". We thought we could target ads to how people were feeling. The problem was people often didn't want their friends to know how they were truly feeling all the time. Sometimes people would feel depressed and wouldn't even bother to update their status! So it didn't really work. We got rid of that button."

Reading emotions from the status page may have failed. But with the new facial recognition technology embedded into Instagram emotions cannot be faked.

If you're taking a picture of a sunset because you're sad and sunsets cheer you up Facebook will know and will make sure Merck, Pfizer, and GlaxoSmithKline's pages for their antidepressants appear in your timeline. If you're a bit drunk because its your birthday and you've just taken a picture of you and your friends Facebook will know and the next morning notification ads for hangover pills will appear on your smartphone as you reach to cancel your alarm.

And matching ads to your emotional state is just the beginning. After many weeks and months of use the TPP system will begin to notice patterns in its users' moods and should be able to accurately predict a user's emotion before it arrives.

Another top Facebook official explains how this feature could be useful:

"If you're a woman with cyclical mood issues due to the harshness of your menstrual cycle, the new Instagram should be able to accurately predict when your cycle is peaking and connect you to valuable products and services which may reduce your discomfort before your moods become a burden on others."

Privacy advocates are expected to protest the new technology, but legal experts say the method is legal in the United States so long as its disclosed in Instagram's new Terms of Service Agreement.

TPP is expected to be integrated into Instagram sometime this summer.

Wall Street analysts are bullish that once the technology is introduced, Facebook's stock price - which has cratered since its IPO - will recover.

"This is gonna make tons of money. Whowouldn'twant their mobile phones recording everything they do?"</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Sarah Palin: Jesus Fought For Death Penalty Until Day He Died</title>
<text>
Sarah Palin claimed today that Jesus Christ advocated for the death penalty his entire lifeuntil his final day on Earth.

In an interview with Fox News this morning, the former Alaskan governor was asked how she reconciles her support for the death penalty with her Christian faith, particularly in light of the recent botched execution of a death row inmate in Oklahoma.

She surprised Fox and Friends hostsSteve Doocy and Elisabeth Hasselbeckby saying that her position is inspired from Jesus' own stancein biblicaltimes.

"I know the liberals hate it when you start mentioning the Bible," she told the pair, "but the truth is Jesus fought for the death penalty until the day he died. He was a tireless advocate of being tough on crime and making sure the criminals can't be out there raping and murdering people.

"In ancient Jerusalem crime was rampant. The Romansand their pagan morality wouldn't allow the proper punishment wrongdoersdeserve. So Jesus lobbied forcapital punishment in order to protect the Christians and the Jews from thePalestinians and other Muslims who were killing peopleleft and right.

"Unfortunately Jesus' ideas were never implemented and the Roman Empire fell as result. But here in America we've always followed Jesus' advice on the death penalty, and that's why we have the lowest crime rate in the world."

Christianity has diverse views onthe death penalty, with denominations such as the Catholic Church deeply opposed and many Baptist and evangelical denominations strongly supportingits use as punishment by the state.

The theological disputeis especially complicated because Jesus himself was a victim of capital punishment, having been executed by Pontius Pilate, the Roman prefect of Judea.

That fact appeared lost on Palin, however, who somehow did not see the irony in her assertion that history's most famous capital punishment casualty was an advocate for the practice.

"Jesus never directly addressed capital punishment in the Bible," Hasselbeck corrected, "and I have to say, since he himselfwasexecuted, I doubt he is really that big a fan of the death penalty."

"What do you mean Jesus was executed?" Palin responded. "I thought he was crucified?"</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Christian Boy Dies For 3 Minutes, Meets Allah in Heaven</title>
<text>
A young Christian boy who briefly died on a surgeons operating table this weekend says he met someone named Allah in heaven.

Bobby Anderson, the son of a well-known Christian pastor in Atlanta, suffered internal injuries from an automobile accident and was technically dead for 3 minutes before being resuscitated. During that time the 12-year-old claims he visited the afterlife and spoke to several leading figures of the Islamic religion.

I didnt see Jesus anywhere, he told WGCL news after the ordeal. There was someone named Allah. And someone named Mohammad. And there were 72very beautiful women all around me.

But I didnt see anyone in my family. Not even grandma and grandpa. Everyone there had darker skin. They werent like us at all.

I asked my father Why wasnt Jesus in heaven daddy? He couldnt give me an answer. Id never heard of Allah before this, but now Im gonna read more about him. He seems pretty real to me.

Bobby Andersons story bears striking similarities to that of Colton Burpo, a pastors son who briefly died during surgery and later claimed to have met with Jesus in heaven.

Coultons story was told in the popular book Heaven is For Real, which is now a major motion picture starring Greg Kinnear and Thomas Hayden Church.

Although the Burpo's family's story had a happy and lucrative ending, the Anderson family has been torn apart by Bobby's claims.

However, Todd Anderson, Bobbys father, says his sons experience has not made him question his own deeply held Christian faith.

Its kinda disturbing to me that he didnt meet Jesus in heaven, he told reporters, but clearly my son is suffering from some sort of schizophrenia or something.

I mean seeing Jesus in heaven, that's a miracle. No question. But seeing Allah in heaven? That's crying out for a heavy dose ofantipsychotic medication."</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Cliven Bundy Supports Gay Marriage, Taxing the Rich</title>
<text>
Embattled Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy has shocked supporters and opponents again by claiming his racist persona is fake and that hell pay his overdue fees if the government grants amnesty to Edward Snowden, taxes the rich, legalizes gay marriage, and enacts other liberal measures.

In a lengthy list of demands addressed to President Barack Obama and obtained by MSNBC, the conservative darling claimed he refuses to pay a government that wages wars for corporate profit while letting 1-percenters get richer as the middle class suffers and the progressive values that made this country great are eroded.

President Obama, I am using my nationwide notoriety to draw your attention to issues that are deeply important to me, he wrote. If you can show me that you serve all Americans, not just the corporations or the super-rich, I will pay the $1 million.

Bundy wrote he deliberately made offensive statements about slavery to draw more media attention to his causes. Im a lifelong member of the ACLU and Amnesty International for crying out loud. I realized Sean Hannity was exploiting me for his own agenda, so I said that stuff about slavery just to show how gullible he is.

Bundy became a propaganda tool for conservative media when he and his armed supporters blocked efforts by the Bureau of Land Management to seize his cattle after he failed to pay $1.1 million in grazing fees and penalties for the use of government land over the past 20 years.

Prominent conservatives used him to promote their personal agendas on government overreach and privatization of federal land, while liberal media mocked him as a freeloading bumpkin.

But since his true politics were revealed, liberal MSNBC hosts quickly hailed Bundy as their new hero.

Cliven Bundy is Henry David Thoreau and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. rolled into one, Rachel Maddow said today. Finally, we have a brave salt-of-the-Earth man who is willing to take a stand against injustice and fight for progressive values. The U.S. government should listen.

Fox News host Sean Hannity, who championed Bundy, jumped ship today and called for Bundys immediate arrest.

The U.S. government should storm his ranch and throw this traitor into prison where he belongs, Hannity said on his show. Is it any surprise that liberals are rallying behind a racist cheapskate tax evader who wants government handouts? Ronald Reagan would never allow this guy to exploit this country.

In his demands, Bundy called for increasing the minimum wage, granting amnesty to whistleblowers Edward Snowden and Pvt. Chelsea Manning, legalizing undocumented immigrants, ending domestic spy programs, closing Guantanamo Bay, ending the War on Drugs, higher taxes on the wealthy, prosecution of Wall Street bankers, labeling GMO products, freeing Mumia Abu-Jamal, and a two-state solution for Israel/Palestine.

He also blasted Tea Party Republicans for turning Congress into a circus of fools and undermining the America I love.

In an interview with MSNBC, Bundy said he considers himself left of center politically. He purposefully used Fox News to reach a different audience.

I was hoping NPR would contact me about my protest because I think theyre fair and balanced, he said. Since Fox News contacted me first, I just thought Id use the publicity to talk to a right-wing audience about injustice. Of course Fox News always gets everything wrong, so my reasons for not paying the fees were distorted to serve its agenda.

Bundy said hell keep fighting for his liberal values as long as it takes. Maybe if Hillary Clinton becomes president, this country will get some sense and sanity back.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>U.S. Republicans In Push to Christianize Exoplanets</title>
<text>
Republicans in the lower chamber of the U.S. Congress introduced a bill today that would require NASA to include a Christian missionary on any future manned trips to planets outside our solar system, with the goal of "shining the light of Jesus Christ across the cosmos."

Astronomers have thus far identified 763 such extra-solar planets and estimate that there may be as many as 100 billion exoplanets in our galaxy alone. Although scientists do not currently have the ability to look for signs of life on these far off worlds, some number of these exoplanets are believed to lie within the habitable zone of their stars and could thus be suitable candidates for life.

With so many potential Earth-like planets in the Milky Way many researchers are quite confident that extraterrestrial life exists in some form in the galaxy. Some also believe that intelligent life could exist on at least some worlds.

It is the possibility of sentient beings that has excited the so-called "Christan Universe" movement, which seeks to extend the Christian faith to all forms of intelligent life. A group called Coalition for a Christan Universe (CCU) - believed to be backed by U.S. evangelical billionaire Foster Friess - has spearhead lobbying efforts for the cause and is behind the current legislation.

"We now know life on other planets is much more likely than we thought just a few years ago, "says Nathaniel Hamworth, a Washington D.C. based spokseperson for the CCU, "Its no longer science fiction. There are other worlds out there, and we aim to make them Christian worlds just as Cortez made the Americas a Christian hemisphere."

Unlike in science fiction, however, traveling to other worlds would be neither quick nor easy. With the fastest technology currently conceivable it would take a spacecraft carrying humans at least 60 - 70 years to reach Alpha Centauri - the nearest star system with the potential of orbiting exoplanets. Reaching systems further out would take hundreds or even thousands of years. Such timespans would require any future mission to be multi-generational in nature and require a ship to carry a diverse compliment of plants and animals in order to sustain the human voyagers.

The similarities of an exoplanet "generation ship" mission to the biblical story of Noah's Ark has not escaped those in the Christian Universe movement. A leading figure in the cause sees the discovery of exoplanets and the construction of a generation ship as a part of God's plan to ensure the survival of his children:

"If god decides to destroy the Earth with an asteroid, there will be no more Christians left in the universe to worship His Glory. Colonizing other planets and converting their native populations is a vital long term survival strategy for the Christian faith"

Although most astronomers accept the idea that it would be wise to colonize other worlds, most exoplanet experts are baffled by the mandate to Christianize life on other planets. One leading exoplanet researcher told The Daily Currant:

"This law is ridiculous. It will likely be hundreds of years - if ever - before we start to send manned missions to these planets. And even if we get there and if we find the planets inhabited by intelligent beings, there is no guarantee that we will be able to communicate with them at all. And even if we could communicate there is no reason to believe that these creatures would have any interest in our religions whatsoever - much less converting to them."

However, Representative Michelle Bachman of Minnesota - a key co-sponsor of the bill - rejected such concerns in a speech on the House floor:

"God created life, no matter where in the universe it is found. And He commanded all his creatures to honor and obey Him. It doesn't matter if life is carbon based, silicon based or operates on some sort of 'crystalline entity' principle we don't fully understand yet. God loves all the creatures of His universe and His word is law. And we as Christians have a responsibility to bring the word of the Lord to any intelligent lifeforms so that they can feel the love of Jesus into their hearts and know His peace."

One consequence of the proposed legislation may be an increase in Congressional funding for NASA's efforts to find life on other planets. Support for that endeavor has historically come from the Democratic side of the aisle, but the CCU has been heavily leaning on Republican members to increase NASA's budget in insure that America - and thus Christianity - will reach the pagan exoplanet populations first.

"We don't want the Chinese to get there before us and start preaching atheism or some nonsense. Or god forbid the Indians with all their Voodoo (sic) magic." says Ralph P. Finney president of the CCU.

The bill is scheduled to be voted on later this week and is expected to pass because it is attached to a crucial defense spending package. Its prospects in the Senate are more uncertain, but several senators up for re-election this year have already stated their support.

Video:Find out more about exoplanets and the race to discover them:</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>President Obama Holds A News Conference At The White House</title>
<text>
WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 06: U.S. President Barack Obama speaks during a news conference in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House on March 6, 2012 in Washington, DC. President Obama held his first news conference of the year on Super Tuesday as his Republican rivals battled for votes in 10 states. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>The American Middle Class Is No Longer the Worlds Richest</title>
<text>
The American middle class, long the most affluent in the world, has lost that distinction.

While the wealthiest Americans are outpacing many of their global peers, a New York Times analysis shows that across the lower- and middle-income tiers, citizens of other advanced countries have received considerably larger raises over the last three decades.

After-tax middle-class incomes in Canada  substantially behind in 2000  now appear to be higher than in the United States. The poor in much of Europe earn more than poor Americans.

The numbers, based on surveys conducted over the past 35 years, offer some of the most detailed publicly available comparisons for different income groups in different countries over time. They suggest that most American families are paying a steep price for high and rising income inequality.

Although economic growth in the United States continues to be as strong as in many other countries, or stronger, a small percentage of American households is fully benefiting from it. Median income in Canada pulled into a tie with median United States income in 2010 and has most likely surpassed it since then. Median incomes in Western European countries still trail those in the United States, but the gap in several  including Britain, the Netherlands and Sweden  is much smaller than it was a decade ago.

In European countries hit hardest by recent financial crises, such as Greece and Portugal, incomes have of course fallen sharply in recent years.

The income data were compiled by LIS, a group that maintains the Luxembourg Income Study Database. The numbers were analyzed by researchers at LIS and by The Upshot, a New York Times website covering policy and politics, and reviewed by outside academic economists.

The struggles of the poor in the United States are even starker than those of the middle class. A family at the 20th percentile of the income distribution in this country makes significantly less money than a similar family in Canada, Sweden, Norway, Finland or the Netherlands. Thirty-five years ago, the reverse was true.

LIS counts after-tax cash income from salaries, interest and stock dividends, among other sources, as well as direct government benefits such as tax credits.

The findings are striking because the most commonly cited economic statistics  such as per capita gross domestic product  continue to show that the United States has maintained its lead as the worlds richest large country. But those numbers are averages, which do not capture the distribution of income. With a big share of recent income gains in this country flowing to a relatively small slice of high-earning households, most Americans are not keeping pace with their counterparts around the world.

The idea that the median American has so much more income than the middle class in all other parts of the world is not true these days, said Lawrence Katz, a Harvard economist who is not associated with LIS. In 1960, we were massively richer than anyone else. In 1980, we were richer. In the 1990s, we were still richer.

That is no longer the case, Professor Katz added.

Median per capita income was $18,700 in the United States in 2010 (which translates to about $75,000 for a family of four after taxes), up 20 percent since 1980 but virtually unchanged since 2000, after adjusting for inflation. The same measure, by comparison, rose about 20 percent in Britain between 2000 and 2010 and 14 percent in the Netherlands. Median income also rose 20 percent in Canada between 2000 and 2010, to the equivalent of $18,700.

The most recent year in the LIS analysis is 2010. But other income surveys, conducted by government agencies, suggest that since 2010 pay in Canada has risen faster than pay in the United States and is now most likely higher. Pay in several European countries has also risen faster since 2010 than it has in the United States.

Three broad factors appear to be driving much of the weak income performance in the United States. First, educational attainment in the United States has risen far more slowly than in much of the industrialized world over the last three decades, making it harder for the American economy to maintain its share of highly skilled, well-paying jobs.

Americans between the ages of 55 and 65 have literacy, numeracy and technology skills that are above average relative to 55- to 65-year-olds in rest of the industrialized world, according to a recent study by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, an international group. Younger Americans, though, are not keeping pace: Those between 16 and 24 rank near the bottom among rich countries, well behind their counterparts in Canada, Australia, Japan and Scandinavia and close to those in Italy and Spain.

A second factor is that companies in the United States economy distribute a smaller share of their bounty to the middle class and poor than similar companies elsewhere. Top executives make substantially more money in the United States than in other wealthy countries. The minimum wage is lower. Labor unions are weaker.

And because the total bounty produced by the American economy has not been growing substantially faster here in recent decades than in Canada or Western Europe, most American workers are left receiving meager raises.

Finally, governments in Canada and Western Europe take more aggressive steps to raise the take-home pay of low- and middle-income households by redistributing income.

Janet Gornick, the director of LIS, noted that inequality in so-called market incomes  which does not count taxes or government benefits  is high but not off the charts in the United States. Yet the American rich pay lower taxes than the rich in many other places, and the United States does not redistribute as much income to the poor as other countries do. As a result, inequality in disposable income is sharply higher in the United States than elsewhere.

Whatever the causes, the stagnation of income has left many Americans dissatisfied with the state of the country. Only about 30 percent of people believe the country is headed in the right direction, polls show.

Things are pretty flat, said Kathy Washburn, 59, of Mount Vernon, Iowa, who earns $33,000 at an Ace Hardware store, where she has worked for 23 years. You have mostly lower level and high and not a lot in between. People need to start in between to work their way up.

Middle-class families in other countries are obviously not without worries  some common around the world and some specific to their countries. In many parts of Europe, as in the United States, parents of young children wonder how they will pay for college, and many believe their parents enjoyed more rapidly rising living standards than they do. In Canada, people complain about the costs of modern life, from college to monthly phone and Internet bills. Unemployment is a concern almost everywhere.

But both opinion surveys and interviews suggest that the public mood in Canada and Northern Europe is less sour than in the United States today.

The crisis had no effect on our lives, Jonas Frojelin, 37, a Swedish firefighter, said, referring to the global financial crisis that began in 2007. He lives with his wife, Malin, a nurse, in a seaside town a half-hour drive from Gothenburg, Swedens second-largest city.

They each have five weeks of vacation and comprehensive health benefits. They benefited from almost three years of paid leave, between them, after their children, now 3 and 6 years old, were born. Today, the children attend a subsidized child-care center that costs about 3 percent of the Frojelins income.

Even with a large welfare state in Sweden, per capita G.D.P. there has grown more quickly than in the United States over almost any extended recent period  a decade, 20 years, 30 years. Sharp increases in the number of college graduates in Sweden, allowing for the growth of high-skill jobs, has played an important role.

Elsewhere in Europe, economic growth has been slower in the last few years than in the United States, as the Continent has struggled to escape the financial crisis. But incomes for most families in Sweden and several other Northern European countries have still outpaced those in the United States, where much of the fruits of recent economic growth have flowed into corporate profits or top incomes.

This pattern suggests that future data gathered by LIS are likely to show similar trends to those through 2010.

There does not appear to be any other publicly available data that allows for the comparisons that the LIS data makes possible. But two other sources lead to broadly similar conclusions.

A Gallup survey conducted between 2006 and 2012 showed the United States and Canada with nearly identical per capita median income (and Scandinavia with higher income). And tax records collected by Thomas Piketty and other economists suggest that the United States no longer has the highest average income among the bottom 90 percent of earners.

One large European country where income has stagnated over the past 15 years is Germany, according to the LIS data. Policy makers in Germany have taken a series of steps to hold down the cost of exports, including restraining wage growth.

Even in Germany, though, the poor have fared better than in the United States, where per capita income has declined between 2000 and 2010 at the 40th percentile, as well as at the 30th, 20th, 10th and 5th.

More broadly, the poor in the United States have trailed their counterparts in at least a few other countries since the early 1980s. With slow income growth since then, the American poor now clearly trail the poor in several other rich countries. At the 20th percentile  where someone is making less than four-fifths of the population  income in both the Netherlands and Canada was 15 percent higher than income in the United States in 2010.

By contrast, Americans at the 95th percentile of the distribution  with $58,600 in after-tax per capita income, not including capital gains  still make 20 percent more than their counterparts in Canada, 26 percent more than those in Britain and 50 percent more than those in the Netherlands. For these well-off families, the United States still has easily the worlds most prosperous major economy.</text>
</article>
<article>

<title>Drug Kingpins Thank U.S. Government at Annual Award Show</title>
<text>
Thebrightest lights in the international drugtraffickingindustryftedtheir own last night at the star-studded Druggie awards in Panama City, Panama. The 3rd annual award showcelebrated excellence andachievement in the field of global drug crime.

Thenotoriouslyterritorial drug cartels put their differences aside once a year to celebrate the shared spoils of their $300 billion a year industry. Although the night's statuetteswere widely spread between Latin American cocaine cartels and Old World heroin runners, the biggest star of the night was perhaps the U.S. government - whose opposition to sensible drug laws make brutal global drug syndicates possible.

The UnitedStatesclaims to oppose the illegal drug trade, howevermany economists argue that U.S. prohibition laws actually feed the practice by raising the price of drugs like cocaine and heroin and thus increasing the incentive to produce and distribute them.

Jos "La Cabra" Delgado a leading figure in Mexico's drug wars and a triplewinner for Best Escape, Best Shootout, and Best Gang-Rape brought the point home in an acceptance speech from the heart:

"If it weren't for the Americans in Washington I wouldn't be able to generate therevenueI need for my army of mercenaries and rapists. When I started - all I had was myself, my brother, and a few local thugs from our neighborhood. Now I own three Ferraris and can rape any woman I want. This one if for you Uncle Sam! "

Delgado then led the crowd in a chant of U-S-A !, U-S-A !, U-S-A !, U-S-A !

The audience later rose to their feet and ended the night with a heavily accented and stirring redtition of the Star Spangled Banner - the U.S.'s national anthem.

When contacted by The Daily Currant a U.S. state departmentsportspersonhad no comment on the night's events andreiteratedthe U.S. government'scommitmentto the "war on drugs".</text>
</article>
</articles>
